Page 1:
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Powered By Our Diversity,  
We Lead The Way The World Moves 

Page 2:
2023 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
REFERENCE FOR READING THE CSR REPORT 3
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN & THE CEO 5
1 BUSINESS MODEL AND GOVERNANCE: CREATING SHARED AND LASTING  
VALUE - INTEGRATED REPORT 8
2 BRINGING A TANGIBLE IMPACT ON CLIMATE CHANGE - CLIMATE REPORT 30
3 DRIVING THE COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE DEVELOPMENT  
OF HUMAN CAPITAL 79
4 MEETING CHANGING CUSTOMER EXPECTATIONS ON MOBILITY 144
5 PREVENTING ETHICS VIOLATIONS BY PROMOTING OUR ETHICAL CULTURE 174
6 PROMOTING PROTECTION AND IMPLEMENTING RESPONSIBLE USE  
OF NATURAL RESOURCES 201
7 ENSURING PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND SUPPORTING A BALANCED  
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT OF TERRITORIES 251
8 APPENDIX 288
2


Page 3:
REFERENCE FOR READING THE CSR REPORT
The Report contains 8 chapters, 6 of which are dedicated to the 6 CSR macro risk (pillars), each one 
with an associated color
 ■ Chapter 1 is the Integrated Report dedicated to Stellantis CSR business overview
 ■ Chapters 2 through 7 present the 22 Stellantis CSR issues (challenges) according to the following 
sections:
1. Context and Stellantis position
2. Forward-looking vision and targets
3. Identification and management of risks  
     and opportunities
4. Governance and decision bodies to lead  
     actions
5. Policies to execute the strategy
6. Organization and resources
7. Main initiatives, achievements and results
8. Detailed key performance indicators
Chapter 2 is the Climate Report and presents common sections 1. to 4. for its three CSR issues. 
Sections 5. to 8. are presented for each CSR issue.
Chapter 6 presents common sections 4. to 6. for industrial waste (6.4), pollution (6.5), water (6.6) 
and biodiversity (6.7). The remaining sections are presented for each CSR issue.
Chapter 7 presents common sections for Responsible Purchasing (7.1) and Human Rights (7.2) 
including the global approach (with sections 3. to 5.), a focus on Human Rights in the supply chain 
(with related sections 1. to 7.), and a link to Human Rights in own workforce.
 ■ Chapter 8 covers the methodology and auditor’s report.
Each Forward-looking vision and targets section includes a commitment scoreboard composed of:
 ■ Vision/ambition
 ■ Strategic KPIs
 ■ Commitment
 ■ 2021, 2022 and 2023 results
Throughout the Report there are boxes that indicate focus areas:
STELLANTIS PROJECT
COMPANY TRANSFORMATION 
THROUGH THE SOFTWARE STRATEGY
IMPACT MEASUREMENT  
OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Additional information 
in note area
Link icon legend
External documents
 2.6  Internal section 
reference
Press release
Video
Website
Related Sustainability indexes GRI 3-2  SASB-440b.1  TCFD.Ra
CSR macro risk symbol and issue  
number/title from materiality matrix 
1
Related SDGs 
Text and data highlights
400 megawatts of new solar projects in 
Michigan - enough clean energy to power 
130,000 homes annually
Relationship between loyalty to the 
brand and aftersales satisfaction
3


Page 4:
OVERVIEW OF THE CHAPTERS CONTENT
Chapter 1 Business model and governance: creating 
shared and lasting value is the Integrated Report of the 
Company, which presents business model, CSR policy, 
materiality matrix, how the Company shares value 
created with its stakeholders
Chapter 2 Bringing a tangible impact on climate 
change (macro risk I) is the Climate Report that includes 
all targets and initiatives to ensure carbon net zero  
2038 target 
1  Vehicle CO2 emissions
2  Industrial and sites carbon footprint
3 Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing and 
logistics
Chapter 3 Driving the Company transformation 
through the development of human capital (macro 
risk II) is the description of HR policies and activities 
4 Management of Company transformation and social 
dialogue
5  Attracting and developing all talent
6  Diversity and equal opportunity
7  Wellbeing, health and safety in the workplace
Chapter 4 Meeting changing customer expectations 
on mobility (macro risk III) describes customers 
expectation in terms of customers experience, safety and 
new mobility solutions 
8 Development of new mobility solutions (including 
autonomous vehicles)
9  Vehicle and service quality - customer satisfaction
10  Vehicle safety
Chapter 5 Preventing ethics violations by promoting 
our ethical culture (macro risk IV) details integrity and 
ethic in Stellantis’ business practices
11  Ethics in governance and business practices
12  Responsible management of personal information
13  Responsible information to customers
Chapter 6 Promoting protection and implementing 
responsible use of natural resources (macro risk V) 
outlines how the Company is managing responsibly 
materials and production of mobility devices 
14 Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle 
(including product recycling) 
15  Vehicle impact on air quality
16 Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing 
processes (including waste)
17  Control of industrial discharge and nuisances
18  Sustainable water management in manufacturing
19  Protection of biodiversity
Chapter 7 Ensuring protection of human rights and 
supporting a balanced economic development 
of territories (macro risk VI) explains how how the 
Company manages its supply chain and how it brings 
attention to local communities
20 Responsible purchasing practices to support the 
Company’s development in host territories
21  Human rights in the supply chain
22  Actions to support communities
Chapter 8 Appendix consists of a technical appendix 
including the scope of reporting, sustainability 
references and the auditor’s report
4


Page 5:
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN & THE CEO GRI 2-22
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 
2023 has been a year marked by new projects and significant achievements for Stellantis. Our mission 
to provide clean, safe, and affordable freedom of mobility to all has never been more important, and the 
resilience of our colleagues, under the leadership of Carlos Tavares, has made the difference.
The story of Stellantis is one of boldness and progress, of always moving forward. We set the course, 
allocated resources, and strengthened our capabilities in the communities where we are present.  
This has allowed our 14 American, British, French, German, and Italian iconic brands to continue creating 
products that customers love and enjoy, while leading the industry in terms of margins and staying on 
our path toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2038. 
I would like to share the momentum across the entire organization in reaching our carbon neutrality 
ambition. This year, many teams worked internally and with external partners to develop the most 
efficient and effective solutions to deliver on our commitments. We will continue to execute our 
decarbonization strategy to protect our Company, our employees, and generations to come.
As part of wider society, Stellantis Foundation, through its philanthropic activities, partnered with 
CERN to inaugurate the Science Gateway in Geneva, a new emblematic center for science education 
and outreach. This initiative will allow students and families from around the world to understand the 
importance of scientific research and its applications, joining education programs that spark innovation 
and excellence. 
Simultaneously, we continued to champion access and opportunity by supporting talent wherever it 
resides. In 2023, the Stellantis Student Awards concluded its second global program, celebrating more 
than 600 family members of Stellantis employees for their dedication to learning.
Embracing the diversity of backgrounds and perspectives we will continue to improve Stellantis, as we 
believe in the value of the dynamic engagement that happens when different ideas collide. The future 
is full of possibilities, and we are committed to offer the best mobility solutions within the industry.  
I’m sure that, thanks to the leadership team and to the support of our stakeholders, Stellantis is aiming 
for a sustainable tomorrow as a great company to work for.
February 22, 2024
/s/
John Elkann
Chairman
5


Page 6:
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
I often use the phrase “actions speak louder than words” and in 2023 we doubled down on this mantra. 
We again demonstrated our ability to execute, to innovate and to transform into a sustainable mobility 
tech company ready to beat the odds and live its purpose: “Powered by our diversity, we lead the way 
the world moves.”
Make no doubt, the enormous transformation happening now in our industry is our opportunity - not 
a threat – to shake up the status quo, redefine our destiny, and demonstrate we have the best teams 
to face fierce competition. We have the people and the mindset, even if we are not always perfect.  
Dare Forward 2030 is our bold executional roadmap, and on that track, despite the headwinds of all 
different kinds, we already have some incredible wins under our belt, creating value for our stakeholders.
At the end of 2023, nearly one-third of our product portfolio was battery electric, and in 2024 we intend 
to have an additional 18 BEVs launched, bringing us to 48 electric models total. This product offensive 
will support the big electrification push in North America and strengthen our European position. 
Notably, we launched great models like the Citroën ë-C3, the most competitively priced B-segment EV 
produced in Europe, and the Jeep Avenger, which was awarded European Car of the Year 2023, among 
many other top honors. Plus, we remain neck-and-neck with the current leaders in electric vehicles in 
our Enlarged Europe region.
This year also saw the launch of the first of four all-new, BEV-centric platforms. In July, we presented 
the STLA Medium benchmark platform debuting it on the Peugeot E-3008, with best-in-class range of 
up to 700 kilometers (435 miles).
The second platform, STLA Large, will be launched this year with 800 kilometers (500 miles) and fitted 
to exceed customer expectations. STLA Large is a highly flexible, BEV-native platform that will serve 
as the foundation for upcoming global vehicles in the D and E segments, and able to take multiple 
propulsion systems, including hybrid and internal combustion.
To support our bold electrification ambition, we secured our raw materials needs through 2027 and 
are on the right pace in battery production. In December 2023, ACC started preliminary production 
for Stellantis at its Billy-Berclau Douvrin Gigafactory (France) on schedule, paving the way for further 
industrial developments to meet demand, marked by the start of construction of the second block on 
the French site, before launching the construction of the first block in Germany and the double block 
in Italy. The joint venture gigafactories in N.A. are also progressing well with our partners Samsung 
SDI and LG Energy Solution. We also signed a deal with CATL for the supply of lithium iron phosphate 
battery cells and modules, further expanding our diverse battery chemistry portfolio.
Flexibility, execution, resilience and agility remain core tenants of the Stellantis mentality and with our 
several tech and new model announcements the Company is poised to profitably navigate customer 
demand, market fluctuations and political shifts. In fact, we delivered continued growth outside Enlarged 
Europe and North America with our “third engine” delivering a 13 percent increase in Net revenues. 
This year, we also invested €1.4 billion in Zhejiang Leapmotor Technology Co. Ltd (“Leapmotor”), a 
pure play new energy vehicle original equipment manufacturer (“NEV OEM”), and we now hold 
approximately 21 percent equity, giving us a leading role in supporting their promising growth in China 
as well as global expansion opportunities through the new Leapmotor International joint venture for 
which we will manage. We are actively addressing a white space in our business model and can now 
benefit from Leapmotor’s competitiveness both in China and abroad.
Building on our growth story, the Stellantis Pro One commercial vehicles team achieved market 
share leadership in EU30 and South America and is the undisputed leader in EU30 BEV sales with  
38.8 percent BEV market share. The business is on track to achieve its objectives with a completely 
updated and expanded line-up including internal combustion, battery electric, fuel cell hydrogen and 
range extended variants.
Critical to our long-term sustainability, we opened our first Circular Economy Hub in Italy to bring 
together a powerhouse of skills and activities aimed at creating a high-performing center of excellence. 
Our goal is to industrialize the recovery and sustainable reuse of materials, while building innovative 
technologies and advanced capabilities, to safeguard our shared future.
And just before the year concluded, we successfully launched our employee share purchase plan – Shares 
to Win - in Italy and France and look forward to it being extended to several other countries in 2024.
Importantly, our record full year 2023 financial results are leading the pack. Net revenues grew 6 
percent y-o-y to €189.5 billion, Net profit rose 11 percent to €18.6 billion, and industrial free cash flows 
increased 19 percent y-o-y to €12.9 billion.
In the effort to support a permanent dialogue with external stakeholders, we hosted our first Freedom 
of Mobility Forum in 2023 on the topic: “In a decarbonized world, will freedom of mobility be affordable 
to a happy few only?”. The lively debate reflected the rich diversity in opinions from our esteemed 
panelists. We are now gearing up for the second annual debate coming on April 3, 2024.
Last, but certainly not least, I warmly thank all Stellantis employees, our shareholders and the many 
stakeholders who are supporting our continued success. Of course, there will be little chance to relax 
in 2024 with challenges coming quick and fast but we remain committed to preserving freedom of 
mobility. Because this is what Stellantis was made to do.
Thank you.
February 22, 2024
/s/
Carlos Tavares
Chief Executive Officer
6


Page 7:
CONTRIBUTIONS TO SDGS TABLE 
6 CSR MACRO-RISKS / 
PILLARS
22 CSR ISSUES / 
CHALLENGES
I. BRINGING A 
TANGIBLE IMPACT ON 
CLIMATE CHANGE
Vehicle CO2 emissions
Industrial and sites carbon footprint 
Carbon footprint of the supply chain: 
purchasing and logistics 
II. DRIVING COMPANY 
TRANSFORMATION 
THROUGH THE 
DEVELOPMENT OF 
HUMAN CAPITAL
Management of company transformation 
and social dialogue 
Attracting and developing all talent 
Diversity and equal opportunity 
Health, safety and well-being in the workplace 
III. MEETING 
CHANGING CUSTOMER 
EXPECTATIONS  ON 
MOBILITY
Development of new mobility solutions  
(including autonomous vehicles) 
Vehicle and service quality - customer 
satisfaction 
Vehicle safety 
IV. PREVENTING 
ETHICS VIOLATION
Ethics in governance and business practices 
Responsible management of personal 
information
Responsible information to customers 
V. PROMOTING 
PROTECTION AND 
IMPLEMENTING 
RESPONSIBLE 
USE OF NATURAL 
RESOURCES
Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle 
(including product recycling) 
Vehicle impact on air quality 
Optimization of material cycles in 
manufacturing processes (including waste) 
Control of industrial discharge and nuisances 
Sustainable water management in 
manufacturing
Protection of biodiversity
VI. ENSURING 
PROTECTION OF HUMAN 
RIGHTS AND SUPPORTING 
A BALANCED ECONOMIC 
DEVELOPMENT OF 
TERRITORIES
Responsible purchasing practices to support 
the company’s development in host territories
Human rights in the supply chain
Actions to support communities22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
7


Page 8:
1 BUSINESS MODEL AND GOVERNANCE: CREATING SHARED 
AND LASTING VALUE - INTEGRATED REPORT
1.1 VALUE CREATION MODEL 9
1.1.1 Business Model 9
1.1.2 Key Figures 14
1.1.3 Stakeholder dialogue for a better mutual understanding with society  15
1.1.4 Shared value for stakeholders 15
1.2 MATERIAL CSR RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES INHERENT TO THE VALUE CREATION MODEL 19
1.2.1 CSR macro-risks and related CSR issues: Stellantis CSR pillars and challenges 19
1.2.2 Stellantis materiality matrix: relative position of the 22 CSR challenges  19
1.2.3 Extensive assessment of risks 21
1.2.4 CSR trajectory 23
1.3 CSR GOVERNANCE 28
1.3.1 CSR policy 28
1.3.2 CSR in the Board of Directors 28
1.3.3 CSR embedded into business: at the Executive and Operational levels  29
8


Page 9:
1.1 VALUE CREATION MODEL 
1.1.1 BUSINESS MODEL
A Mobility Tech Company  GRI 2-1  GRI 2+6  GRI 203-2
Born from the bold and visionary spirit of its founding companies, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and 
Groupe PSA, Stellantis N.V. was created to shape the future of mobility with innovative and sustainable 
solutions.Stellantis is guided by a clear mission: to provide freedom of movement for all through 
distinctive, appealing, affordable and sustainable mobility solutions.
In March 2022, Stellantis presented its plan Dare Forward 2030. As declared by Stellantis CEO  
“This plan focuses on how Stellantis will thrive through the decade (...) and paves the way for our 
ambition to be second to none in value creation for ALL stakeholders” 1. Dare Forward 2030 is built 
upon three fundamental pillars that will lead the Company to achieve its financial ambition of doubling 
Net Revenues to €300 billion by 2030 (as compared to 2021), while sustaining double-digit AOI margins 
throughout the decade.
 ■ CARE: Stellantis has the ambition to achieve carbon net zero by 20382 with an intermediate target 
of cutting carbon emissions in half by 20303, compared to 2021 levels. 
 ■ TECH: Stellantis’ electrification push accelerated with a 21% year-on-year increase in global battery 
electric vehicle (BEV) sales, to more than 349,000 vehicles in 2023. With 30 BEVs now in market 
(including mobility devices), the BEV portfolio is to reach 48 by the end of 2024, supporting the 
target to have more than 75 BEVs globally and global BEV sales of 5 million by 2030.
 ■ VALUE: Stellantis prioritized its seven accretive businesses to complement its core business an 
achieved year-over-year4 growth: circular economy, data business, mobility, financial services, pres-
owned cars, aftermarket, commercial vehicles.
1 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/dare-forward-2030/value
2 With single digit percentage compensation of remaining emissions vs 2021 levels
3 Including Scopes 1 and 2 (-75% in absolute emissions tCO2eq) and Scope 3 (-50% in intensity emissions tCO2eq/vh)
4 Completed merger of Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) with and into Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (“FCA”) on January 16, 2021 
(“Merger”). On January 17, 2021, combined company was renamed Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or “Company”). PSA 
was determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes, therefore, the historical financial statements of Stellantis 
represent the continuing operations of PSA, which also reflect the loss of control and the classification of Faurecia S.E. 
(“Faurecia”) as a discontinued operation as of January 1, 2021 with the restatement of comparative periods. Acquisition 
date of business combination was January 17, 2021, therefore, results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16, 2021 are 
excluded from full year 2021 results unless otherwise stated. 2021 Pro Forma results are presented as if the Merger had 
occurred on January 1, 2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 – 16, 2021
The Stellantis CSR strategy is fully integrated in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan and contributes 
to the achievements of its objectives.
Stellantis is listed on Milan’s Borsa Italiana, on Euronext Paris and on the New York Stock Exchange.  
Our principal activity is the design, development, manufacture and sale of automobiles bearing the 
Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Chrysler, Citroën, Dodge, DS Automobiles, Fiat, Jeep, Lancia, Maserati, Opel, 
Peugeot, Ram and Vauxhall brands. Stellantis also develops and offers customers new mobility services 
with Free2move and Leasys. 
We offer vehicle choices from luxury, premium and mainstream passenger vehicles to pickup trucks, 
SUVs and light commercial vehicles, parts, as well as dedicated mobility, services and financial, services 
brands.
In this new era of mobility, our portfolio of brands is uniquely positioned to offer distinctive and 
sustainable solutions to meet the evolving needs of customers, as they embrace electrification, 
connectivity, autonomous driving and shared vehicle ownership.
Stellantis is comprised of
 ■ two hundred-year-old groups, establishing a leading automotive mobility provider as a main activity 
in a context of deep industrial transformation. 
 ■ the 1st European distribution group, Stellantis & You, with more than 200 retail sites, 450 stores 
and 35 spare parts hubs present in 12 countries. five activities: New car sales, Pre-Owned car sales,  
After-sales services, Spare-parts sales and rent 
 ■ pre-owned cars ecosystem: the Spoticar label, the companies and start-up Aramis Group and Stimcar 
for the car reconditioning and Autobiz for trade-in and valuation solutions.
 ■ aftermarket labels, brands and e-commerce sites including circular economy activity, dedicated to 
spare parts and services are completing the scope.
9


Page 10:
A strong and diverse portfolio of iconic brands
Well-established automotive, mobility and parts and services brands with strong roots
1896
 1899
 1903
 1906
 1910
 1914
 1919
 1925
 1941
 1949
 2001
 2007
 2009
 2014
 2016
Pre-owned vehicles system
Aramis Group: Since 2016, Aramis Group has 
created a partnership with PSA Peugeot-Citroën 
Group (now Stellantis). A pioneer in its field, 
Aramis Group is an online multi-brand purchase 
and sale of used cars present in six countries 
with its brands Aramisauto, Cardoen, Clicars, 
CarSupermarket, Onlinecars and Brumbrum, 
respectively in France, Belgium, Spain, United 
Kingdom, Austria and Italy. 
Spoticar: Spoticar is the used car multibrand 
label of Stellantis. Both a digital platform and 
a large network of proximity outlets from the 
Stellantis networks, Spoticar is the obvious online 
and offline choice for used car buyers. Spoticar 
brings a large offer of quality used vehicles, with 
innovative services. Spoticar continues to grow 
and is already present in 12 countries with more 
than 3,000 points of sales.
Stimcar: Stimcar Is an innovative specialist in 
the reconditioning of used vehicles. Stellantis 
invested in Stimcar to support its development, 
strengthening circular economy initiatives. 
Present in several cities in France, Stimcar 
provides for the development of several 
reconditioning centers in France and Europe. 
Autobiz: Since 2004, Autobiz has provided 
trade-in and valuation solutions to all the players 
in the European automotive industry. With over 
15 billion data points collected and over 50 million 
trade-in files in more than 35 countries, Autobiz 
is a benchmark in vehicle valuation, consulting 
and purchasing process digitization.
Spare parts
Mopar: the name of the 
original parts of the group 
for all our Brands vehicles. 
Mopar established in 1937
SUSTAINera: Group circular 
economy label created in 
2022 SUSTAINera parts and 
accessories cover the range 
of parts from the circular 
economy, (the 4R: REMAN, 
REPAIR, REUSE, RECYCLE)
OUR EXCLUSIVE  
 MUL TI-BRAND PARTS RANGE
Eurorepar: 
established in 
2002
Bölk: created 
in 2016 
belonging to 
Mister Auto
bproauto: created in 2017 
(B.pro) and modified in 2020 by 
Mister Auto and bought by the 
group (PSA automobiles SA) 
in 2022
E-COMMERCE TEACHERS AND  
 E-COMMERCE SITES
Distrigo: our 
multi-brand 
distribution, 
memory sign 
created in 
2016
Eurorepar 
Car Service: 
multi-brand 
repair network, 
established in 
2003
B-Parts: online 
used parts sales 
site, created in 
2010 bought 
by the group in 
2020
Mister Auto: online 
retail site for multi-brand 
automotive replacement 
parts creation date 2008, 
bought by the group in 2015
Autobutler: online 
automotive repair quote 
comparator, created 
in 2010, bought by the 
Group in 2016
10


Page 11:
In 2022, Stellantis has paved its way to a more integrated approach to support its electrification 
roadmap: partnerships were announced with raw material (Controlled Thermal Resources, Alliance 
Nickel, Kuniko) and energy suppliers (Symbio Energy, Starplus energy, Punch Powertrain, Nextera 
Energy, factorial, ACC, Emotors). EV offensive supported by five gigafactories in Europe and North 
America are being developed with partners for vertical integration of key components like electric 
motors and transmissions and strategic raw materials deals to guarantee our sourcing needs.
In 2023, additional partnerships were announced with raw materials suppliers (Element 25, Terrafame, 
MCEwen Copper, Niron Magnetics, Argentina Lithium and energy suppliers (Lyten, Ample, CATL, 
Tiamat).
Stellantis parts offering aims at covering almost all brands and models (including competitive vehicles) 
and the three market segments in a best / better / good approach, whatever the vehicle age and 
budget, going from:
 ■ Best for customers looking for quality, durability and wanting to enhance their vehicle’s resale value: 
Mopar genuine parts and SUSTAINera remanufactured parts for all Stellantis models 
 ■ Better for smart buyers looking for price without compromising on quality: Exclusive multi-brand 
private labels with Eurorepar and bproauto, multi-brand supplier range and SUSTAINera multi-brand 
repair offer for electronic parts and automatic gearboxes
 ■ Good for best cost customers looking for a price and to extend the life of their vehicle: muti-brand 
Bölk and SUSTAINera multi-brand genuine reuse parts offer. 
Impact of software strategy
Our electrification and software strategies will support the shift to become a sustainable mobility tech 
company (for example BMW and Waymo partnerships to improve AutoDrive functions), leveraging the 
associated business growth with over-the-air features and services, and working to deliver the best 
experience to our customers.
Stellantis is shifting its business model to become a mobility tech company. It aims to grow its software 
and connected services business through: 
 ■ Services and Subscriptions 
 ■ Features On Demand 
 ■ Data as a Service and Fleet Services 
 ■ Conquests, Service Retention and Cross-Selling.
In addition, this software strategy is expected to support vehicle pricing and resale value.
With eight software development hubs in seven countries (Brazil, France, Germany, India, Italy, 
Poland and United States) Stellantis wants to deploy next-generation tech platforms building on 
existing connected vehicle capabilities to transform how customers interact with their vehicles, to 
generate €20 billion in incremental annual revenues by 2030, and to have 13 million connected cars 
on the road. 
8 Software hubs delivering cutting-edge mobility
Auburn Hills, Mich, 
United States
Pernambuco, Brazil
Poissy, France
Rüsselsheim, Germany
Gliwice, Poland
Turin, Italy
Hyderabad, India
Bengalûru, India
Through software and on-demand features, Stellantis will work to provide customers 
with the ability to tailor their vehicles to individual needs and desires through over-the-
air updates, further increasing the unique qualities of the varied brands within Stellantis 
and strengthening the bond between the vehicle and driver. 
Software strategy is rolled out in 2021, 2022 and 2023:
• by partnering with digital and engineering services, such as Foxconn for smart 
cockpit; Amazon for connected experiences, Qualcomm for digital chassis and high-
performance computing power and aiMotive for artificial intelligence and automated 
driving software
• by recruiting talents to leverage technical expertise while adding software 
development resources to existing Stellantis technical operations
• by developing and testing autonomous vehicles through partnerships with BMW and 
Waymo.
To increase the positive impacts and reduce the negative consequences of our activities throughout the 
value chain, Stellantis takes specific actions that are designed to maintain or develop the Company’s 
environmental, relational, financial, human, industrial and intellectual capital.
These efforts result in the value that the Company shares with its stakeholders. 
As a member of the Global Compact, Stellantis supports the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG):  we responsibly contribute to the global effort to transition to a more sustainable future  
 Contributions to SDGs table . 
11


Page 12:
Moving to a sustainable mobility tech company
INPUTS  
CAPITAL
ENVIRONMENTAL
Renewable and nonrenewable 
environmental processes and 
resources.
FINANCIAL
Capacity to finance the economic 
development, either in-house or from 
financial markets.
HUMAN 
Motivation of employees to 
be innovative and adherence 
to governance principles, risk 
management methods and ethical 
values of the Company.
INDUSTRIAL 
Manufacturing resources available 
for production, research and 
development, logistics.
INTELLECTUAL
Intangible assets such as 
intellectual property and 
organizational capital.
RELATIONAL
Stakeholder relations:  
ability to share information;  
brands and reputation.
TECH
Innovative, clean, safe and 
affordable mobility.
OPERATING  
ACTIVITIES
Design for circular 
economy
Buy and  
manufacture
Support and 
enhance use 
phase
Develop 
products and 
services
STLA 
Brain
STLA 
SmartCockpit
STLA 
AutoDrive
Manage product  
end-of-life
Recycle
Materials
Sell, Deliver, 
Maintain, Update
For more information see 6.1 and 2.5.3.2.1 
OUTPUTS
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Broad portfolio of iconic and complementary automotive 
brands and mobility services, to cover all key segments:  
AN OFFER FOR EVERY CUSTOMER!
Global SUV
American brands
Upper mainstream
Core
Premium
Luxury
E-mobility
For more information see 6.1 
OUTCOMES
VALUE CREATION  
FOR STAKEHOLDERS
INVESTORS AND  
SHAREHOLDERS
CUSTOMERS
EMPLOYEES
SUPPLIERS AND 
PARTNERS
HOST COMMUNITIES 
AND CIVIL SOCIETY
ENVIRONMENT
For more information see 1.1.4 
12


Page 13:
Fast tech transformation
ELECTRIFICATION*
CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE 
& SERVICES
SOFTWARE
RAW MATERIALS
CIRCULAR ECONOMY
MOBILITY TECH
STRATEGIC PLAN
BMW
STLA AutoDrive 
up to Level 3
2023
Waymo
STLA AutoDrive 
up to Level 4 
and 4+
2023
Advanced AI and 
AD Software STLA 
AutoDrive
2022
Connected 
Experiences STLA 
SmartCockpit & 
cloud for STLA 
Brain
2022
Snapdragon®  
Digital Chassis™ 
solutions  
High-performance 
computing power**
2022
STLA SmartCockpit 
2021
Affordable 
Sodium-Ion Battery 
Technology
2024
CATL
Lithium Iron 
Phosphate 
2023
Ample
Modular Battery 
Swapping 
Technology
2023
Lithium-Sulfur 
Battery 
2023
Electric 
motors
2022
Battery cells 
& modules
2022
Solid-state 
batteries
2022
Gigafactory, Canada  
Battery cells & 
modules
2022
e-Transmissions (Punch 
Powertrain + Stellantis)
2022
Gigafactory, USA  
Battery cells & 
modules
2022
Symbio
Zero-emission 
Hydrogen Mobility 
Fuel cell stack
2022
Joint venture to build a  
high-powered EV charging 
network across North America
2024
Innovative mobility service 
available in the U.S. and in 
Europe
2016
Electric Retrofitting
2022
EV Battery Materials
2023
End-of-Life Vehicle 
Recycling
2023
Manganese 
Sulphate Supply
2023
Low-Carbon Nickel 
Sulphate Supply
2023
Copper Supply
2023
Clean Earth 
Magnets
2023
ALE 
2023
Nickel sulphate and 
cobalt sulphate
2022
Nickel and cobalt 
sulphate supply
2022
Lithium supply Battery 
grade lithium hydroxide 
2022
Battery grade 
lithium hydroxide  
2021
Leveraging tech-first, 
cost-efficient EV 
ecosystem in China; 
creating 51% Stellantis 
owned JV for exclusive 
distribution outside 
China
2023
eVTOL Aircraft  
Electric vertical 
take-off and landing
2022
* Includes hydrogen
** Snapdragon and Qualcomm branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries
13


Page 14:
1.1.2 KEY FIGURES GRI 2-1  GRI 2-6  SASB-000.B
Stellantis has operations in 37 countries around the world which is a strong asset for understanding and anticipating the upcoming changes of customer expectations while creating value for all stakeholders. 
Who we are 
160  
nationalities
14 iconic brands  
committed to 
offering  
best-in-class 
fully electrified 
solutions
Industrial 
operations  
in more than 
37 countries
Net Revenue 
€189.5 billion
More than 
130 markets 
to deliver vehicles 
and services of 
unparalleled quality 
Profit sharing 
€1.9 billion  
redistributed to 
employees
A complementary presence in key regions, with 3 plillars: Europe, Usa, Latin America
ENLARGED 
EUROPE
 SALES 
2.7 Milions of units
16.8% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
125,824
50% of total
 REVENUES 
€66,598 mln
NORTH 
AMERICA
 SALES 
1.8 Milions of units
9.4% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
78,142
31% of total
 REVENUES 
€86,500 mln
SOUTH 
AMERICA
 SALES 
0.9 Milions of units
23.5% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
27,602
11% of total
 REVENUES 
€16,058 mln
MIDDLE EAST  
& AFRICA
 SALES 
0.6 Milions of units
14.8% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
5,668
2% of total
 REVENUES 
€10,560 mln
CHINA AND INDIA 
& ASIA PACIFIC
 SALES 
0.2 Milions of units
0.4% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
5,214
2% of total
 REVENUES 
€3,528 mln
MASERATI
 SALES 
0.03 Milions of units
100% Market share
 WORKFORCE 
1,307
1% of total
 REVENUES 
€2,335 mln
OTHER
 WORKFORCE* 
7,185
3% of total
 REVENUES 
€3,965 mln
TOTAL
 SALES 
6.2 Milions of units
 WORKFORCE* 
250,942
 REVENUES** 
€189,544 mln
* Workforce KPIs are based on the CSR scope 2023. Legal entities joining Stellantis less than six month ago or out from the HR consolidation tool are not taken into account.
** All outside Automotive division
14


Page 15:
1.1.3 STAKEHOLDER DIALOGUE FOR A BETTER MUTUAL 
UNDERSTANDING WITH SOCIETY GRI 2-12  GRI 2-29  GRI 102-42  
Stellantis activities have an impact on the perception and the decisions of many internal and external 
stakeholders.
The Company has identified its main stakeholder categories and has engaged with them in ongoing 
dialogue through dedicated channels (refer to the following table).
Through effective dialogue with its stakeholders at the local and global levels, Stellantis works to ensure that:
 ■ there are opportunities to gain mutual understanding with the society and its constituents 
 ■ the most material environmental, social or economic risks are identified and addressed and better 
prevention measures are taken
 ■ actions are taken to reduce the negative effects of the Company’s operations and to develop 
opportunities for value-creation
 ■ the Company remains attentive to sociological and technological changes
 ■ the Company is able to adapt its business model and propose new efficient solutions that meet 
changing expectations and needs of the society.
In order to ensure that a wide variety of interests are duly represented and heard, Stellantis published in 
2023 its Stakeholder Engagement Policy 5. It presents our commitment to collaboration and dialogue, 
especially regarding the sustainability aspects of our strategy. 
Freedom of Mobility Forum 
In its second year, the Freedom of Mobility Forum (the Forum) is fueling public debate through its 
platform with an open discussion on the freedom of mobility in a decarbonized world. 
In 2023, the Forum held its first debate on March 29 that gathered six passionate problem-solvers to 
challenge the topic of the year entitled “In a Decarbonized World, Will Freedom of Mobility Be Affordable 
to a Happy Few Only?”. During the two-hour debate, they could challenge the status quo, expand 
perspectives and identify how best to enable safe, affordable and sustainable freedom of mobility for a 
society facing the implications of global warming. Diverse and expert contributors representing industry, 
academia, government and civil society proposed their approaches on how to provide freedom of mobility 
for people and the goods and services they need while mitigating climate change.
The debate was followed up by featured contents, released on a monthly basis, with the aim to deep 
dive on the perspectives of the topic of the year. Main assets, mostly based on interviews, are giving 
the floor to experts from all over the world to express their views, each in their respective discipline, on 
challenges and levers to preserve freedom of mobility.
New for the 2024 edition of the live debate, planned on April 3, 2024, the Forum has extended 
invitations to select universities and their students. This collaboration between the Forum, universities 
and students will help shape the debate and encourage the exchange of ideas around the world, 
notably with young generations  6. To feed the 2024 edition, YouGov an international opinion data 
provider  has conduc ted a survey to share more facts and figures around the globe during the debate.  
5 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis-Stakeholder-Engagement-Policy.pdf
6 https://www.freedomofmobility.stellantis.com/en
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2024/january/freedom-of-mobility-forum-announces-2024-
topic-expert-panelists-and-university-participants-for-second-annual-live-debate-on-april-3
 1.1.4 SHARED VALUE FOR STAKEHOLDERS GRI 201-1  GRI 201-2   
 GRI 203-1  GRI 203-2
Distribution of added value 
Extract from Annual Report
Distributions (in millions of euros) (as a % of revenue)
CapEx + R&D7
2023 9,125 4.8
2022 8,938 5.0
2021 10,081 6.6
Public sector8
2023 3,793 2.0
2022 2,729 1.5
2021 1,911 1.3
Employees9
2023 19,100 10.1
2022 18,200 10.1
2021 17,100 11.2
Shareholders10 
2023 4,208 2.2
2022 3,353 1.9
2021 3,765 2.5
Stellantis Employees Rewarded with Record €1.9 Billion Worldwide Linked to Full Year 2023 
Performance 11 
7 Gross R&D Expenses, research tax credit and subsidies excluded.
8 Corporate Tax.
9 Bonuses and profit sharing included.
10 Dividends paid to Shareholders.
11 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2024/february/stellantis-employees-rewarded-nearly-1-9-
billion-worldwide-for-2023-performance-totaling-6-billion-since-company-creation
Creating shared and lasting value for our stakeholders
We acknowledge that long-term success is achieved by linking economic growth with respect, 
financial performance with social responsibility, and industrial development with environmental 
stewardship.
To create and share value, we engage our stakeholders: our employees, our customers, our partners, 
our suppliers, our host territories and their communities, our investors and the environment through 
dialogue and activities.
As a leading Company and member of the Global Compact, we are committed to shaping a better 
future through a strong sense of responsibility and leadership in a new era of sustainable mobility. The 
2030 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals are a framework for our actions in the transition 
to a more sustainable future.  
15


Page 16:
STAKEHOLDER 
GROUPS
STAKEHOLDER 
CATEGORIES
MEANS  
OF DIALOGUE
MAIN  
TOPICS
Clients
Private customers, consumer 
groups and other road users 
organizations
 ▪ Brand websites
 ▪ Dealership networks
 ▪ Customer Relations teams
 ▪ Consultation with consumer panels
 ▪ Customer satisfaction surveys and market 
research
 ▪ Company’s social media
 ▪ Quality of products and service
 ▪ Environmental performance of vehicles
 ▪ Road safety
 ▪ Sustainable mobility
BtoB clients including 
dealership network
 ▪ Fleet sale team: direct engagement and 
participation in tenders
 ▪ Training on sales and marketing
 ▪ Analysis of periodic customer satisfaction 
surveys
 ▪ Monitoring of financial performance and 
forecasts
 ▪ Analysis of all types of risks (including 
ethical) before  contracts are signed
 ▪ Financial and strategic performance
 ▪ Quality of products, service and customer satisfaction
 ▪ Environmental performance of vehicles and manufacturing 
facilities
 ▪ Sustainable mobility
Employees
Employees
 ▪ Internal communication (town halls, 
newsletters, employee portal, events, 
awareness campaigns, etc.)
 ▪ Direct dialogue with management
 ▪ Suggestion collection processes (idea 
boxes)
 ▪ Periodic satisfaction surveys
 ▪ Training
 ▪ Strategy, specifically decarbonization, economic and 
commercial results
 ▪ Market conditions 
 ▪ Workforce related topics such as diversity, learning, 
wellbeing, health and safety, working conditions, 
compensation and benefits, etc.
 ▪ Company transformation, impact on skills, new ways of 
working
 ▪ Career path
Employee and labor union 
representatives
 ▪ Various employee representation bodies at 
national or transnational level:
• in Europe: European Works Councils of 
PSA, Fiat and Opel Vauxhall,
• in North America: UAW (U.S. Union) and 
Unifor (Canadian Union).
 ▪ Collective bargaining agreements and 
employee relations agreements with labor 
unions and employee representatives
 ▪ Strategy, notably decarbonization, economic and commercial 
results
 ▪ Market contexts 
 ▪ Workforce related topics such as diversity, learning, 
wellbeing, health and safety, working conditions, 
compensation and benefits, etc.
 ▪ Company transformation, impact on skills, new ways of working
Financial 
Community
Shareholders and other 
investors
 ▪ Letter to shareholders
 ▪ CSR Report and Annual Report
 ▪ Corporate website
 ▪ Annual and quarterly financial results
 ▪ Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting
 ▪ Investor meetings (including online events 
on strategy)
 ▪ Financial and CSR performance
 ▪ Strategy, results and forecasts
Financial and SRI analysts
 ▪ CSR Report and Annual Report
 ▪ Corporate website
 ▪ Annual and quarterly financial results
 ▪ Conferences presenting the company’s 
strategy (roadshows)
 ▪ Responses to questionnaires and requests
 ▪ Discussion sessions
 ▪ Financial and CSR performance
 ▪ Strategy, results and forecasts
16


Page 17:
STAKEHOLDER 
GROUPS
STAKEHOLDER 
CATEGORIES
MEANS  
OF DIALOGUE
MAIN  
TOPICS
Partners
Suppliers, partners in 
cooperation and innovation 
projects and joint ventures, 
industry associations
 ▪ Monthly meetings
 ▪ Innovation days
 ▪ Supplier awards
 ▪ Suppliers’ convention
 ▪ Products/projects meetings
 ▪ Presence of the Company’s delegates in 
regional automotive industry bodies and 
trade associations
 ▪ Supplier relations teams
 ▪ CSR self-assessment questionnaires
 ▪ Responsible Purchasing Guideline
 ▪ Analysis of all types of risks (including 
ethical) before a contract is signed
 ▪ Sustainability clauses in contracts
 ▪ Joint development programs
 ▪ Company’s projects for products and industrial initiatives
 ▪ Innovation strategy and plan
 ▪ Financial and CSR performance in the supply chain, and other 
measures to support the company’s strategy
Civil Society
Associations and NGOs
 ▪ CSR Report and Annual Report
 ▪ The Company’s social media
 ▪ Meetings 
 ▪ Responses to ad hoc requests
 ▪ Charitable giving 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Road safety
 ▪ Human rights in the supply chain
 ▪ Environmental impact of activities across value chain
 ▪ Education and inclusion 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility in a decarbonized world
Representatives of host 
communities, including local 
administrations
 ▪ Events (open days and facilities visits)
 ▪ Meetings and discussions 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Economic and social development in host communities
 ▪ Environmental impacts near Stellantis facilities 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
Research and teaching 
partners; including universities 
and schools
 ▪ Intern and apprenticeship programs
 ▪ Laboratory space for doctoral/thesis students
 ▪ Open Labs
 ▪ Chairs at universities, engineering schools 
and business schools in host countries
 ▪ Awareness campaigns, sites visits and 
educational events held by the company’s 
facilities with local schools
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Innovations on sustainable mobility and related topics (e.g., 
materials)
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
Public institutions, including 
Governments, public agencies 
and regulatory bodies
 ▪ Direct dialogue through ad hoc meetings 
and institutional channels
 ▪ Participation in working groups and 
collaborative projects 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Financial and CSR performance
 ▪ Strategy, results and forecasts
 ▪ Product launches
 ▪ Investments in plants and technological development
 ▪ Social impacts of the transformation of the automotive sector
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
Journalists and Media
 ▪ Direct dialogue
 ▪ Press releases
 ▪ Presentations and press conferences
 ▪ Auto Shows
 ▪ Corporate and brand websites and social 
media
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Financial and CSR performance
 ▪ Strategy, results and forecasts
 ▪ Product launches
 ▪ Investments in plants and technological development
 ▪ Social impacts of the transformation of the automotive sector 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
Environment 
Groups
Associations and NGOs
 ▪ CSR Report and Annual Report
 ▪ Social media
 ▪ Meetings 
 ▪ Responses to ad hoc requests
 ▪ Joint development programs and protocols 
Freedom of Mobility Forum
 ▪ Climate strategy
 ▪ Real-driving emissions
 ▪ Circular economy
 ▪ Environmental impacts of activities 
 ▪ Freedom of Mobility Forum
17


Page 18:
Economic and financial value
Social value
Environmental value
Distribution of value created in 2023
Customers   14 iconic brands committed to offering best-in-class fully electrified solutions 
  Two mobility brands offering mobility solutions including subscription 
programs, car sharing and charging services with 39,405 LEVs infleeted 
during 2023
   Affordable maintenance with spare parts from circular economy: cost 
savings for customers up to 70% of new part price
   The total range of sustainable parts covers more than 15% of customers 
aftersales needs
   High level of product quality through 100% of the Stellantis vehicle 
assembly plants and powertrain plants certified ISO 9001 or IATF 16949
   More than 40% reduction in 3 months in service vehicle defect rate 
compared to 2021
Employees    Personnel cost: €19.1 billion 
   Profit sharing: €1.9 billion redistributed to employees in 2024 for profits 
attributable to 2023.
   Training: €144 million invested delivering about 2.9 million hours of training 
to approximately 210,000 employees
   Total lost-time accident frequency rate: 0.95
   Annual appraisal: 96% of white collars employees
   Diversity and inclusion: 30% of women in leadership position (L1-L2-L3)
 225,518 employees, accounting for 90% of the workforce are covered by 
collective agreement
   Remote work up to 80% of eligible employees
Environment    Investments: €5.6 billion of R&D costs during 2023 and over €30 billion 
total investment planned through 2025 for electrification and software
   2030 Electrification plan: working to pursue a BEV version for 100% of 
passenger car models marketed in Europe, and for 100% of passenger car 
and light duty truck models in the U.S.
   Low Emission Vehicle offering: expanded to 47 electrified models 
(BEV+PHEV)**: 60% of passengers car nameplates in Europe and 21% of 
passengers car and light duty truck nameplates in the U.S.
   Global BEV sales up 21% year over year
   CO2 emissions for scope 1 and 2 reduced by 20% compared to 2021
   Manufacturing initiatives: control energy consumption led to savings of 
approximately €60 million with emission reduction of 120,000 tons of CO2-eq
   Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) covered 74% of the total fleet sold
   Vehicles available in Europe are 95% recoverable and 85% recyclable
   High-Voltage battery recycling rates: 69.3% for Li-ion batteries and 83.8% 
for NiMH batteries in 2022 
Host 
communities 
and civil 
society
   Philanthropy: more than €18.5 million to support 366 projects focused on 
education 
   5,174 Stellantis employees participated in employee volunteerism program 
   Youth development: 4,913 apprentices and 3,399 interns trained
   direct contractual relationship with more than 2,000 Tier 1 direct material 
suppliers 
Investors  
and 
stakeholders
   Net Revenue: €189.5 billion
   €4.7 billion ordinary dividend*
   Adjusted operating margin: 12.8%
   Wages to revenue ratio: 10.1%
   Industrial Free cash flow: €12.9 billion
   Net profit: €18.6 billion 
   Synergies:  €8.4 billion net cash benefit
   EU Taxonomy Regulation aligned Revenues: 8.8%, OPEX: 39.4%, CAPEX: 34.9% 
Suppliers 
and 
partners
   Purchase: more than €104 billion
   CSR performance:  3,461 supplier groups  assessed by EcoVadis, 
corresponding to more than 89% of the annual purchased value
   2,438 patent applications published
   Global innovation ecosystem: 160 co-founded projects worldwide with 
over 1,000 partners
   Building an innovative and powerful ecosystem with new strategic 
partnerships such as Leapmotor, Lyten,  CATL, Orano, Kuniko, MCEwen 
Copper, Niron Magnetics. These are in addition to the ones concluded 
in 2022 with Automotive Cells Company, LG Energy Solution, Samsung 
SDI, Controlled Thermal Resources, Factorial Energy, Umicore and Vulcan 
Energy; and collaborations with Amazon, BMW and Foxconn
* Subject to shareholder approval.
** Perimeter: passenger car and light commercial vehicle nameplates in Europe, passenger car and light duty truck nameplates in the U.S.
18


Page 19:
1.2 MATERIAL CSR RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
INHERENT TO THE VALUE CREATION MODEL 
1.2.1 CSR MACRO-RISKS AND RELATED CSR ISSUES:  
STELLANTIS CSR PILLARS AND CHALLENGES GRI 3-2  
Stellantis has identified six CSR macro-risks  and addresses them in accordance with the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals. These six CSR macro risks are the six pillars of Stellantis approach 
to Corporate Social Responsibility. In light of the Company’s activities, each macro-risk has been 
broken down into a number of CSR issues, which are material to the Company and its stakeholders. 
These CSR issues are Stellantis CSR challenges.
CSR risk management approach 
Given its determination to take Corporate Social Responsibility into account in all its decisions and 
activities, Stellantis integrates CSR risks considerations into the audit plan to address audit activities 
on relevant CSR risks.
The Company’s risks and associated control procedures are described in  1.2.3  and further detailed in 
the risk management section of the Annual Report 12. 
12 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-
20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
1.2.2 STELLANTIS MATERIALITY MATRIX:  
RELATIVE POSITION OF THE 22 CSR CHALLENGES GRI 2-12  
 For Stellantis, a material CSR issue is a sustainability factor that can have a present or future impact 
on the Company’s value drivers, competitive position, and therefore on long-term stakeholder value 
creation. 
22 CSR issues are considered to be material by Stellantis experts and stakeholders, according to two 
criteria:
 ■ those that reflect the environmental, economic and social impacts of the Company’s activities 
 ■ those for which the environmental, economic and social contexts in which the Company operates 
have impact on the Company’s performance.
Based on this double materiality approach, those CSR issues are considered as having an influence 
on the stakeholders’ assessments and decisions. Each CSR issue is a CSR challenge for Stellantis.
This CSR Report presents a definition, the Stellantis ambition and commitment and the main initiatives 
and achievements related to each CSR issue/challenge.
Throughout the year Stellantis reviews progress on the CSR issues/challenges and the status is 
validated by the Top Executive Team and presented to the Board of Directors. 
The Company adopts measures proportionate to the position of each CSR issue/challenge in the 
materiality matrix. These measures are described in this CSR Report. 
The 22 CSR issues are grouped in six macro-risks (pillars).
19


Page 20:
Stellantis CSR macro-risks/pillars and CSR issues/challenges
6 CSR MACRO-RISKS / 
PILLARS
22 CSR ISSUES / 
CHALLENGES
I. BRINGING A 
TANGIBLE IMPACT ON 
CLIMATE CHANGE
Vehicle CO2 emissions
Industrial and sites carbon footprint 
Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing and 
logistics 
II. DRIVING COMPANY 
TRANSFORMATION 
THROUGH THE 
DEVELOPMENT OF 
HUMAN CAPITAL
Management of company transformation and social 
dialogue 
Attracting and developing all talent 
Diversity and equal opportunity 
Health, safety and well-being in the workplace 
III. MEETING 
CHANGING CUSTOMER 
EXPECTATIONS  ON 
MOBILITY
Development of new mobility solutions  
(including autonomous vehicles) 
Vehicle and service quality - customer satisfaction 
Vehicle safety 
IV. PREVENTING 
ETHICS VIOLATION
Ethics in governance and business practices 
Responsible management of personal information
Responsible information to customers 
V. PROMOTING 
PROTECTION AND 
IMPLEMENTING 
RESPONSIBLE 
USE OF NATURAL 
RESOURCES
Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle (including 
product recycling) 
Vehicle impact on air quality 
Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing 
processes (including waste) 
Control of industrial discharge and nuisances 
Sustainable water management in manufacturing
Protection of biodiversity
VI. ENSURING 
PROTECTION OF HUMAN 
RIGHTS AND SUPPORTING 
A BALANCED ECONOMIC 
DEVELOPMENT OF 
TERRITORIES
Responsible purchasing practices to support the 
company’s development in host territories
Human rights in the supply chain
Actions to support communities22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
DEFINITION: Strategic issues: economic and impact assessments higher than 3
CSR issues CSR issues
SIGNIFICANT STRATEGIC
ECONOMIC MATERIALITY
IMPACT MATERIALITY
Last update in 2022
22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
1,5 2,5 3,5 4
4
1,5
1
2,5
3
2
3,5
1 2 3
13
Stellantis CSR materiality matrix  updated (with stakeholder survey in 2022)
20


Page 21:
Materiality Matrix Methodology 
Stellantis’ materiality matrix has been updated in 2022 and approved by the Board of Directors in 
2023. It is based on the double materiality principle which invites companies to report not only on 
financially material topics that influence their value, but also on economical, environmental and social 
impacts that the company has on the society. The materiality thresholds have not been defined yet 
by the Company; they will be set in alignment within the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive timeframe.
The CSR risk assessment was the first step in the process: the CSR issues and macro-risks were 
identified based on the expertise of the network of CSR correspondents and contributors, representing 
relevant organizations within the Company and on a dialogue with main stakeholders (partners, clients, 
employees, civil society, financial community and environment groups). In total, 145 organizations 
representing these stakeholder families have been invited to contribute to the assessment through a 
survey. Regional assessments were conducted. Stakeholders were identified by both internal experts 
and by external third party.
This materiality assessment allowed us to identify critical economic, environmental and social issues 
on which Stellantis activities  have impacts (impact materiality) or which have a significant impact on 
Stellantis business performance and long-term value creation (economic materiality).  
The result was confirmed by a review of issues reported by industry peers and an analysis of worldwide 
CSR reference and reporting standards. Stellantis is viewing to update the present Materiality Matrix 
according to the guidelines published in August 2023.
A representative sample of stakeholders was then interviewed to ascertain their opinion. 
Then to position the CSR issues on the matrix the structured approach was implemented as follows: 
 ■ the position of the issue on the horizontal axis represents the importance of the CSR issue for the 
business performance of the Company, according to three criteria: 
 ● likelihood of the threat (probability of occurrence in short- to medium-term (1-5 years) 
materializing and opportunities created by the issue 
 ● the severity of the impact for the Company, quantified in monetary terms by the Division affected, 
in case of absence of action. The quantification in monetary terms (“outside-in” perspective) has 
been considered according to the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) draft 
standards with the following perspective: “if it triggers financial effects, i.e., generates or may 
generate significant risks or opportunities that influence or are likely to influence the future cash 
flows and therefore the enterprise value in the short, medium or long term but are not captured 
by financial reporting.”
 ● impact on long-term performance, in case of absence of action.
the position of the issue on the vertical axis represents how Stellantis activities impact people and 
planet for each CSR issue, according to stakeholders’ assessment . Survey takers were asked, for 
each of the 22 CSR issues, to assess the kind of impact Stellantis’ business practices have on the issue 
(whether positive or negative), the significance of impact of Stellantis on this topic (scale, scope, 
ability to be remediated) and the likelihood of the impact (short-, medium- and long-term). The score 
given for each issue by the interviewed and surveyed stakeholders reflect their assessment of the 
impact the Company can have for each issue.
An external provider, a neutral third party, ensured that each issue was scored strictly and fairly using 
a rigorous methodology, based on the proposal for a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) published by the European Commission on April 21, 2021.  The materiality thresholds have not 
been defined yet by the Company; they will be set in alignment within the European CSRD timeframe. 
Methodology and matrix have been challenged by external auditors based on available knowledge by 
the end of 2022.
1.2.3 EXTENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF RISKS TCFD.Ra  TCFD.Rb  TCFD.Rc   
 GRI 2-12
The overall Risk Management System of Stellantis integrates the identification and assessment of 
climate-related risks. 
Stellantis uses a group-wide risk analysis framework to assess, manage and report risks, including 
climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities. All functions are expected to identify 
and update the risks inherent to their activities. The principal risks in each function, those which are 
most critical, are analyzed each half year. The enterprise risk assessment is based on a bottom-up 
approach beginning with functional areas, and concludes with the review by the responsible Chief 
Operating Officers. The central Risk Management team consolidates results into a report for review 
and validation with the Top Executive Team. 
Stellantis Protection, Audit and Risk Management Department is in charge of assessing the magnitude 
of the risk as well as the degree of maturity of the risk management measures adopted. The assessment 
and prioritization process of risks/opportunities, including those posed by climate change, starts with 
classification of likelihood of the risk occurrence, potential impact on profitability, business continuity 
and reputation, and mitigation actions in place. These elements determine the residual risk rating 
defining the risk significance and prioritization for the Company. Risks that are identified as having 
high- or medium high-ratings are considered significant. The top significant risks, those that might 
have a substantive financial or strategic impact on the business, are deemed ”Top Risks”. Each Top 
Risk is then classified by risk categories (Strategic, Operational, Financial and Compliance) and control 
measures and mitigating actions are subsequently defined. 
Results of the risk assessment are submitted to the Audit Committee, assisting the Board of Directors in 
their responsibility for strategic oversight of risk management activities. The Audit Committee reviews 
risk protocols and covers the spectrum of the climate-related physical and transition risks that could 
have an impact on the Stellantis financial and accounting information. The Board of Directors validates 
the mapping of Top-Risks.
Stellantis’ risk management system includes action plans and quality indicators, which are audited by 
the Risk Department of the Company.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) macro risks and issues are also embedded in the Enterprise 
Risk Management (ERM) process through interviews of a significant number of managers and top 
managers. The relevant actions are reflected in the mitigation plans implemented in operational 
divisions and included in training programs as needed.  
21


Page 22:
CSP pillars and their challenges embedded in Stellantis Dare Forward Strategic plan
CARBON NET ZERO 
BY 2038
CLIMATE CHANGE
Vehicle CO2 emissions
Industrial and sites carbon footprint
Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing 
and logistics
EMPOWERING DIVERSITY 
AND INCLUSION
HUMAN RESOURCES
Management of Company transformation and 
social dialogue
Attracting and developing all talent 
Diversity and equal opportunity
Health, safety and well-being in the workplace
EVERY JOURNEY 
MATTERS
CUSTOMERS EXPECTATIONS
Development of new mobility solutions  
(including autonomous vehicles)
Vehicle and service quality - customer satisfaction
Vehicle safety
ALWAYS WITH 
INTEGRITY
ETHIC CUL TURE
Ethics in governance and business practices
Responsible management of personal information
Responsible information to customers
PRESERVING  
NATURAL RESOURCES
RESPONSIBLE USE OF RESOURCES
Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle
Vehicle impact on air quality
Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing 
processes (including waste)
Control of industrial discharge and nuisances
Sustainable water management in manufacturing
Protection of biodiversity
RESPECT AND SUPPORT 
OUR COMMUNITIES
HUMAN RIGHTS
Responsible purchasing practices to support the 
Company’s development in host territories
Human rights in the supply chain
Philanthropic actions to support communities22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
22


Page 23:
CSR ISSUE / CHALLENGE VISION/AMBITION STRATEGIC KPIS COMMITMENT
Short-term 
Medium-term   
(End of Strategic Plan) Long-term 
Carbon footprint reduction in 
the whole value chain
Owner: Chief Planning Officer
Contribute to global carbon neutrality, 
with an ambitious carbon footprint 
reduction roadmap
GHG emissions reduction (%) (absolute 
GWP in scope 1 and 2, intensity GWP 
(per veh) for scope 3 - 1.5°C scenario - 
Global
2023: targets for vehicle 
programs under development 
consistent with -50% GHG 
emissions per vehicle 2030 
objective 
2030: reduce GHG emissions 
by 50% per vehicle vs 2021 
level
2038: Carbon Net Zero, with 
single digit % compensation 
of residual emissions vs 2021 
level13 
Vehicle CO2 emissions
Owner: Chief Planning 
Officer
Propose a wide range of Low Carbon 
mobility devices, rapidly available in 
countries of operations, to contribute to 
the race to carbon neutrality, by leading 
CO2 emissions reduction
Percentage of nameplates with 
LEV offering (focus on U.S. and EU)
2025: 
EU Passenger Cars (PC): 
95%14 
U.S. PC & Light  Duty Trucks 
(LDT): 81% 
2030:
EU PC: 100% nameplates with 
BEV offering
U.S. PC & LDT: 100% 
nameplates with  BEV offering
2038: 
EU PC: 100%  nameplates with 
BEV offering
U.S. PC & LDT: 100% 
nameplates with  BEV offering
Share of LEV in global sales mix 
(focus on U.S. and EU)
2025:
EU PC: 44% LEV (incl. 34% BEV)15
U.S. PC&LDT: 37% (incl. 14% BEV) 
2030:
EU PC: 100% BEV
U.S. PC&LDT: 50% BEV
2038:  
EU PC: 100% BEV 
U.S. PC&LDT: 100% BEV
Industrial and sites 
carbon footprint
Owner: Chief 
Manufacturing Officer
Contribute to a decarbonized economy 
by achieving net zero emissions within 
our activities worldwide (scope 1 and 2)
Absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
(tons of CO2-eq) 
2025: -50% vs 2021 2030: -75% vs 2021 2038: Carbon Net Zero, with 
single digit % compensation 
of residual emissions vs 2021 
level13
Share of decarbonized electricity used (%)2025: 50% 2030: 100% 2038: 100%
Carbon footprint of the 
supply chain: purchasing 
and logistics
Owner: Chief Purchasing & 
Supply Chain Officer
Request our suppliers and their supply 
base by reaching out to them on a 
cascading basis, therein to support 
our road to carbon neutrality by 
bringing innovative solutions and by 
adopting own GHG emissions reduction 
trajectories to comply or outreach the 
Paris Climate Agreement
Share of Annual Purchased Value from 
suppliers with CO2 reduction targets 
compliant with the Paris Agreement 
CO2 emissions of purchased parts 
2025: 
80% Annual Purchase Value 
from strategic (Level 1 and 
Level 216) suppliers
Award business compliant 
with CO2 emission targets 
defined for each new EV 
project 
2030:    
95% Annual Purchase Value 
from strategic (Level 1 and 
Level 216 suppliers .  
-40% of CO2 emissions of 
scope 3 upstream activities  on 
BEV’s scope vs 2021
2050:
Carbon Net Zero of the 
supply chain with minimal 
compensation
13 The achievement is conditioned by key external enablers: decarbonized energy (based on Announced Pledges Scenario from International Energy Agency), and conducive public policies for BEV (charging infrastructure, purchasing incentives).
14 The change in the percentage of electrified nameplates in 2025 (compared to 91% for U.S. PC & LDT communicated in 2022 disclosures) is due to planning adjustments delaying two model launches from late 2025 to early 2026.
15 EU 2025 mix subject to change based on market conditions in Europe.
16 Strategic “Level 1” and “Level 2” suppliers represent the most relevant strategic suppliers to Stellantis primarily based on Annual Purchased Value (APV), innovation and additional critical factors.
1
2
3
1.2.4 CSR TRAJECTORY
23


Page 24:
CSR ISSUE / CHALLENGE VISION/AMBITION STRATEGIC KPIS COMMITMENT
Short-term 
Medium-term   
(End of Strategic Plan) Long-term 
Management of company 
transformations and 
social dialogue
Owner: Chief 
Human Resources & 
Transformation Officer
Implement co-construction with 
trustful and transparent social dialogue 
with employee representatives and 
stakeholders to continuously develop 
and prepare the Company for future 
challenges 
% of countries17 covered by collective 
agreements 
2024: 90% 2030: 95% 2040: 100%
Attracting and developing 
all talent
Owner: Chief 
Human Resources & 
Transformation Officer
Recruit and empower talents, by 
increasing a ‘learning enterprise culture’ 
and developing strategic skills, with the 
right talents in the key roles to create a 
highly committed workforce and seize 
new businesses
Access rate to training (=No. of 
employees trained/total number of 
employees)
2024: 95 % 2030: 100% 2040: 100%
% of  technical engineering reskill/
upskilling 
2024: 10% 2030: 30% 2040: 50%
Diversity and equal 
opportunity
Owner: Chief 
Human Resources & 
Transformation Officer
Reinforce diversity, equal opportunities 
and inclusion as a strength for our 
teams and business by influencing 
the development of new ideas and 
solutions that will shape the future
Workforce gender balance:  
% women in leadership position  
(L1-L2-L3)
2025: >30% 2030: >35% 2040: >40%
Health, safety and 
wellbeing in the 
workplace
Owner: Chief 
Human Resources & 
Transformation Officer
Create a safe and engaging work 
environment promoting employees’ 
health and wellbeing at work for a 
greater work life balance
Lost-time injury frequency rate [LTIR 
/1,000,000 hwkd]  
2024: <1 2030: <1 2040: <1
Development of new 
mobility solutions 
(including autonomous 
vehicles) 
Owners: 
Brand Chief Executive 
Officer, Free2move
Chief Executive Officer, 
Leasys
Chief Software Officer
Chief Engineering Officer
Lead innovation for Mobility-as-
a-Service to support freedom of 
movement with affordable, safe and 
sustainable mobility solutions
% of Low Emission Vehicles (below 
50g CO2 per kilometer) infleeted in 
the year for car sharing / short- and 
medium-term rental / subscription / 
long-term rental (lease)
2025: 40% 2030: 60% 2038: 100%
% Revenues from Low Emission 
Vehicles (below 50g CO2 per kilometer) 
within Mobility (incl. EV solutions + 
Data Service) and Rent (car sharing 
/ short- and medium-term rental / 
subscription / long-term rental (lease)) 
2025: 20% 2030: 40% 2038: 80%
17 Countries with over 150 employees
4
5
6
7
8
24


Page 25:
CSR ISSUE / CHALLENGE VISION/AMBITION STRATEGIC KPIS COMMITMENT
Short-term 
Medium-term   
(End of Strategic Plan) Long-term 
Vehicle and service 
quality - Customer 
satisfaction
Owner: Chief Customer 
Experience Officer
Be Number 1 in syndicated surveys in 
customer satisfaction with excellent 
quality vehicles, services and mobility, 
providing a seamless customer journey, 
worldwide
Customer satisfaction: presence rate 
of Stellantis brands in the first quartile 
of the product and service syndicated 
surveys, in the main markets. Year for 
base 100 is 2021, target is +20% each 
year
By 2024: 160 2030: 280 2040: All Stellantis brands in 
the first quartile
3 months in service repairs rate: 
percentage of reduction vs reference 
year 2021
2022: -40%
2024: -55%
2030: -75% 2040: -80%
Customer satisfaction as measured 
by Net Promoter Scores (NPS) (New 
Vehicle sales + After-Sales). Year for 
base 100: 2021
2025:  
Sales: 103
Aftersales: 109
2030: 
Sales: 109
Aftersales: 117
2040:  
Sales: 114
Aftersales: 121
Vehicle safety
Owner: Chief Engineering 
Officer
Develop and offer safe products all 
around the world, continuously striving 
for state-of-the-art level of safety risk 
avoidance, as well as crash protection 
for vehicle occupants and vulnerable 
road users
Level of robustness of the global 
harmonized vehicle safety 
organization, processes and technical 
expertise, including active safety, 
passive safety, cybersecurity (for its 
safety relevance), and product safety
2025: Governance, 
organization and processes 
defined and set up, external 
audit every 3 years, 
performed by an independent 
assessment body and 
considering industry 
standards including ISO26262, 
ISO21448, ISO21434
2030: External audit 
performed each year, 
considering new technologies 
embedded in Stellantis 
products
2040: External audit 
performed each year, 
considering new technologies 
embedded in Stellantis 
products
Ethics in governance and 
business practices 
Owner: General Counsel
Promote a culture of transparency and 
integrity by requiring our workforce 
to comply with our Code of Conduct, 
applying appropriate discipline for non-
compliance, and requiring our business 
partners to adopt and apply similar 
ethical standards and controls
Number of days to provide a 
personalized first answer on reported 
concerns regarding  potential violations 
of the Code of Conduct 
2025: Personalized first 
answer within 1.5 days
2030: Personalized first  
answer within 1.25 days
2050: Personalized first 
answer within 1 day
World Most Ethical (WME) Company 
status with Ethisphere18 
2025: Obtain recognition 
by Ethisphere as one of 
the World’s Most Ethical 
Companies as part of their 
WME process
2030: Maintain WME status 
by Ethisphere  
2050: Maintain WME status 
by Ethisphere 
Board gender balance (% of female 
directors) 
 2025: at least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied by 
women and 40% by men 
upon expiration of current 
terms
2030: at least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied by 
women and 40% by men upon 
expiration of current terms
2050: at least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied by 
women and 40% by men upon 
expiration of current terms
18  The Ethisphere WME process is described here: https://ethisphere.com/what-we-do/worlds-most-ethical-companies/
9
10
11
25


Page 26:
CSR ISSUE / CHALLENGE VISION/AMBITION STRATEGIC KPIS COMMITMENT
Short-term 
Medium-term   
(End of Strategic Plan) Long-term 
Responsible management 
of personal information
Owner: General Counsel
Protect personal data by processing 
information confidentially and 
according to applicable data protection 
regulations
% of complaints raised by Supervisory 
Authorities from customer privacy/
data protection infringements  handled 
within 1 month (and/or due date 
required by the Authorities)
2022: 100% 2030: 100% 2040: 100%
Responsible information 
to customers
Owner: Chief Sales & 
Marketing Officer
Provide accurate and comprehensive 
information to consumers through 
responsible marketing practices in 
all mass market communications, 
and engage them with direct 
communication only when consumers 
request it 
Number of convictions of non-
compliance concerning: 
 ▪ product and service information and 
labeling 
 ▪ marketing communications
2022: Zero convictions 
Worldwide
2030: Zero convictions 
Worldwide
2050: Zero convictions 
Worldwide
Wise use of material 
in the vehicle life cycle 
(including product 
recycling)
Owner: Chief Engineering 
Officer
“Wise use of material in the vehicle 
life cycle (including product recycling)” 
is innovative with eco-design and 
leverage end-of-life opportunities in a 
circular economy approach to reduce 
the use of natural resources and the 
environmental impact to the lowest 
possible level 
Percentage of Green Materials 
(includes renewable and recycled 
content with lower carbon footprint 
materials) on total vehicle weight
2025: launch the first vehicles 
containing 25% of Green 
Materials
2030: launch the first vehicles 
containing 40% of Green 
Materials
2050: continue to reinforce 
Green Materials content in the 
future vehicles
Availability of solutions to optimize 
High-Voltage Batteries lifespan 
and End-of-Life  through Repair, 
Remanufacturing, Second-Life, 
Recycling
2025: at least one solution is 
implemented for each High-
Voltage Battery sold in EU, 
NA, China
2030: at least one solution is 
implemented for each High-
Voltage Battery in all countries 
where EVs are sold
2050: all solutions 
implemented in all countries 
where EVs are sold
Vehicle impact on air 
quality
Owner: Chief Engineering 
Officer
Meaningfully reduce impact on air 
quality by focusing on development of a 
wide range of affordable Zero Emission 
Vehicles (ZEV)
Share of ZEV19 in global sales mix 
(focus on U.S. and EU)
2025:
EU: 34% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: 14% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks 
2030:
EU: 100% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: 50% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks
2038:
EU: 100% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: 100% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks
Percentage of nameplates with ZEV19 
offering (focus on U.S. and EU)
2025:
EU: 78% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: 59% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks 
2030:
EU: 100% of Passenger Cars 
U.S.: 100% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks 
2038:
EU: 100% of Passenger Cars 
U.S.: 100% of Passenger Cars + 
Light Duty Trucks
Optimization of material 
cycles in manufacturing 
processes (including 
waste)
Owner: Chief 
Manufacturing Officer
Design industrial processes that allow 
minimal use of raw materials and ensure 
100% waste recycling in local loops of 
circular economy
Total waste normalized (kg/vehicle 
produced)
2025: 40 kg/vehicle produced 2030: 36 kg/vehicle produced 2050: 22.5 kg/vehicle produced
Percentage of waste recovered out of 
total waste generated
2025: 84% 2030: 90% 2050: 100%
Percentage of plants with Zero Waste 
Sent to Landfill
2025: 65% 2030: 75% 2050: 100%
19 ZEV = Zero Emission Vehicles (Battery Electric Vehicles)
12
13
14
15
16
26


Page 27:
CSR ISSUE / CHALLENGE VISION/AMBITION STRATEGIC KPIS COMMITMENT
Short-term 
Medium-term   
(End of Strategic Plan) Long-term 
Control of industrial 
discharges and nuisances
Owner: Chief 
Manufacturing Officer
Implement state of the art technical 
solutions to prevent industrial 
activities from causing nuisances to the 
surrounding areas
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) 
emissions from paint shops normalized 
(g/m2 painted)
2025: 25 g/m2 painted 2030: 25 g/m2 painted 2050: ambition of 0 g/m2 
painted
Sustainable water 
management in 
manufacturing
Owner: Chief 
Manufacturing Officer
Promote responsible water stewardship 
to strive for zero water withdrawal by 
water recycling in industrial activities
Total water withdrawn normalized  
(m3/vehicle produced)
2025: 
3.5 m3/vehicle produced.
2030: 
3.0 m3/vehicle produced
2038: 
2.0 m3/vehicle produced in 
water-stressed areas 
2050: 
1.0 m3/vehicle produced.
Protection of biodiversity
Owner: Chief 
Manufacturing Officer
Ensure the development of biodiversity 
on our sites by preserving natural 
habitats
Percentage of plants that have done a 
RENATU evaluation and are developing 
biodiversity projects
2025: 60% 2030: 100% 2050: strategic partnership for 
global biodiversity program.
Responsible purchasing 
practices to support the 
company’s development 
in host territories
Owner: Chief Purchasing & 
Supply Chain Officer
Ensure selection of suppliers based on 
quality, competitiveness, and social, 
ethical and environmental standards, 
hence supporting responsible economic 
development in host territories
% Annual Purchase Value (APV) 
purchased from Tier 1 suppliers 
evaluated on CSR
2025: 90% of APV of direct 
material (parts)
2030: 95% of APV of direct 
material (parts); 75% of APV of 
indirect material 
2050: Maintain 95% of APV  
for direct material; 90% APV 
for indirect material 
Average CSR scores of Stellantis Tier-1 
Suppliers assessed by independent 
third-party vs average CSR scores of all 
companies assessed by third party
2025: 15% higher 2030: keep a positive gap of 
15% 
2050: keep a positive gap of 
15%
Human rights in the 
supply chain
Owner: Chief Purchasing & 
Supply Chain Officer
Require, monitor and control the 
total respect for human rights 
along the entire global supply chain 
process, involving all actors to ensure 
transparency and full alignment with 
Human Rights principles
Average human rights scores of 
Stellantis Tier-1 suppliers assessed by 
independent third party
2025: Increase of +2.5% vs 
score as of 01/01/21
2030: Increase of +5% vs score 
as of 01/01/21
2050: in top level performance 
category 
CSR issue / challenge 
Actions to support 
communities
Owner: Chief 
Communication & CSR 
Officer
Driven by our societal commitment, we 
empower people through education and 
access to mobility
 Amount of budget for philanthropy 2024: at  least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy 
+ all philanthropic projects 
focused on the  new 
philanthropic strategy20 
2030: at least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy
+ at least one philanthropic 
project in each region20
2038: at least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy
+ at least one philanthropic 
project in each region and 
for each philanthropic focus 
areas20
20 Amount decided for three years split by year, based on Stellantis current performance and general economy financial trend, and benchmark with OEM involvement in philanthropy.
17
18
19
20
21
22
27


Page 28:
1.3 CSR GOVERNANCE 
1.3.1 CSR POLICY
“Powered by our diversity, we lead the way the world moves”. 
Stellantis corporate purpose finds its roots in the inextinguishable appetite for mobility of all human 
beings: our corporate responsibility is to design and offer a range of mobility solutions which are 
affordable, safe and sustainable.
In order to protect our ability to provide those solutions in the long run and create shared value for 
the society in which we operate , guided by our support to the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals, our Corporate Social Responsibility policy finds its roots in the United Nations Global Compact 
Principles and embraces: 
 ■ a holistic approach of our environmental footprint: our actions strive to bring a tangible impact on 
climate change and make a wise use of natural resources. Life cycle analysis support our decisions, 
notably when technology or material related changes impact key features of our products (mass, 
recyclability, etc.) 
 ■ a human-centered management of our activities and their social impacts : we promote the 
development of our teams, we leverage on their diversity as an asset to understand citizens’ both 
common and specific expectations and desires all around the world, we support economic local 
development through responsible purchasing practices, we encourage social local initiatives 
through philanthropic actions in the communities around our locations 
 ■ strong ethical principles in governance and business relationships: the Stellantis governance model 
reflects our commitment to a culture dedicated to integrity, responsibility and ethical behavior in all 
areas of our activity and along the entire value chain. Our governance model supports our focus 
on creating a shared and lasting value for our stakeholders. 
For Stellantis, value creation in the long run results from economic, environmental and social performance. 
We protect our sustainable development through responsible decisions and transparent business 
practices. Our Corporate Social Responsibility policy is based on these fundamental principles:
 ■ We consider transparency as the basis of mutual trust with the society. Our responsibility is to 
make decisions knowing we will be accountable for them in the future. Stellantis strives to publish 
clear, extensive and accurate information to ensure our stakeholders have access to quality data. As 
an illustration, we obtain an independent auditor’s opinion on the truthfulness of its content, based 
on both assurance procedures at corporate (consolidated) level and at site level. Furthermore, the 
auditors based their selection of sites considering relevant reporting risks and geographical spread. 
The auditors have conducted their examination  in a manner that allowed them to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate evidence to conclude on a reasonable or a limited assurance level for most of the 
metrics. It also feeds the public debate, for the benefit of the general interest.
 ■ As data-driven company , we base our decisions on facts, scientific approaches and close 
monitoring of our activities.  
Stellantis regards its CSR policy as a collective and individual endeavor, which ensures that the principles 
of Corporate Social Responsibility are embedded into each business decision and guides the Company’s 
approach to its strategic challenges.
The CSR commitments presented in this Report are supported by accountable members of the Top 
Executive Team. Our CSR commitments are part of a proactive trajectory and supported by KPIs closely 
monitored.
Company employees at the various level of the organization are committed to adhere to and implement 
this CSR roadmap, which reflect Stellantis’ ambitions for the future.
1.3.2 CSR IN THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS GRI 2-9  GRI 2-10  GRI 2-11  
  GRI 2-12  GRI 2-14
Stellantis Corporate governance ensures that the Company is managed in the interests of its 
shareholders and its main stakeholders.
The Board of Directors of Stellantis is formed by 11 members, the majority of the directors are independent. 
Five members were nominated by former Groupe PSA and two of its reference shareholders (EPF/FFP 
and BpiFrance), while five were nominated by FCA and reference shareholder (Exor), including the 
Chairman. Carlos Tavares, CEO of Stellantis and former CEO of PSA is also a member of the Board of 
Directors. Refer to the Corporate Governance section of the 2023 Annual Report 21 and Form 20-F 
for more details.
In accordance with the articles of association of Stellantis and with the Regulations of the Board of 
Directors 22 adopted on January 17, 2021, the Board of Directors is responsible for the management and 
strategic direction of the Company and has control and oversight responsibilities on the topics which 
impact the Company’s sustainability and long term performance. Board structure, composition and 
related committees, are aligned with shareholders’ long-term interests, which include CSR related matters. 
Board members have been selected based on their experience and skills, and their complementarity to 
form a group bringing different perspectives to assess situations from a broad point of views, and to 
take into account the best interests of stakeholders. Stellantis Board ensures a variety of viewpoints 
are heard and factored into responsible corporate decision-making. 
The ESG Committee
In accordance with the Company’s articles of association, the Board of Directors has adopted the 
Charter of the ESG Committee 23.
The function of the ESG Committee is to assist and advise the Board of Directors and act under 
authority delegated by the Board of Directors with respect to monitoring, evaluation and reporting 
on the sustainable policies and practices, management standards, strategy, performance and 
governance globally of the Company and its subsidiaries.
21 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-
20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
22 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_Board_Regulations.pdf
23 https://stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/Stellantis_
ESG_Committee_Charter.pdf
28


Page 29:
1.3.3 CSR EMBEDDED INTO BUSINESS: AT THE EXECUTIVE  
AND OPERATIONAL LEVELS GRI 2-13  
The Stellantis CSR Global Office  reports directly to the Executive Vice President (EVP) - Chief 
Communications and CSR Officer, who is a member of the Top Executive Team and reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer. The role of the CSR Global Office is to:
 ■ ensure that Stellantis makes necessary corporate CSR public disclosures
support dialogue with stakeholders on ESG matters to improve Company’s practices.
The Stellantis CSR Global Office oversees a CSR network composed of subject matter experts: the CSR 
Champions and CSR Correspondents, who represent the global functions of the Company.
The CSR Champions work to ensure that the CSR issues under their responsibility are considered 
appropriately in the decisions of their Division. They:
 ■ organize, monitor and consolidate the CSR commitments and key messages
 ■ ensure the Company’s CSR results with improvement actions align with stakeholders’ expectations. 
The CSR Correspondents focus on proper and reliable disclosure of qualitative and quantitative 
information for the CSR issues under their responsibility. They:
 ■ manage their network of expert contributors to collect and consolidate facts and figures covering 
the reporting scope to deliver their sections of the CSR disclosures
 ■ propose actions to improve performance. 
Members of the Top Executive Team play a key role in the Company’s CSR roadmap: they validate 
the medium and long-term CSR visions, ambitions and targets for the CSR issues that are under their 
responsibility and are responsible for the achievements.
Top Management incentives are set to align as much as possible with the diverse stakeholders’ interests.
The CSR Network
EVPs
Champions
Correspondents
Contributors
EVP - Chief 
Communications
CSR Global Office
CEO
22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
For each CSR issues
Operational Functions
CSR Network
29


Page 30:
2 BRINGING A TANGIBLE IMPACT ON CLIMATE CHANGE - 
CLIMATE REPORT
2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 31
2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING CLIMATE VISION  
AND TARGETS   33
2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT  
OF CLIMATE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES  37
2.3.1 Facing reality as it is: climate-related risks and 
        opportunities throughout the organization and  
        across the value chain 39
2.3.2 Resilience strategy built with climate-related  
         scenarios  43
2.3.3 Climate embedded into Business Planning  
         via the use of an internal price of carbon  43
2.4 CLIMATE GOVERNANCE AND  
DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS 44
2.4.1 Supervisory bodies: striving for long-term  
         climate resilience  44
2.4.2 Executive bodies: putting climate responsibility  
         as a central theme in  e xecutive decision-making 44
2.4.3 Embedding climate across various management levels   46
2.5 VEHICLE CO2 EMISSIONS 46
2.5.1 Policies to execute the strategy 46
2.5.2 Organization and resources 46
2.5.3 Main initiatives, achievements and results  48
2.5.4 Detailed key performance indicators 58
2.6 INDUSTRIAL AND SITES CARBON  
FOOTPRINT 61
2.6.1 Policies to execute the strategy  61
2.6.2 Organization and resources 62
2.6.3 Main initiatives, achievements and results  63
2.6.4 Detailed key performance indicators 71
2.7 CARBON FOOTPRINT OF THE SUPPLY  
CHAIN: PURCHASING AND LOGISTICS   73
2.7.1 Policies to execute the strategy  73
2.7.2 Organization and resources 74
2.7.3 Main initiatives, achievements and results 74
2.7.4 Detailed key performance indicators  77
30


Page 31:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK PILLAR I. BRINGING A TANGIBLE IMPACT 
ON  CLIMATE CHANGE 
In the World Economic Forum “2021 Risk Report”, climate was declared a major and imminent risk to the 
global economy, having wide environmental impacts, and increasing economic and societal divisions, 
inside countries and between regions.
Companies are key players to introduce solutions and Stellantis is committed to bring a tangible 
impact on climate change. Stellantis has concerns that the climate emergency may be a threat to 
the operations of industrial and global companies like ours. Likewise, Stellantis is concerned that if 
nothing is done to correct the current climate situation, the rise in temperatures might drastically affect 
the environment including water, air and biodiversity, which may alter the ability to sustain human 
activities. Through challenging dialogues with stakeholders, such as investors, institutions, and Non-
Governmental Organizations (NGOs), among others, Stellantis is refining its vision of carbon neutrality, 
its targets, its initiatives and solutions. 
Stellantis is committed to addressing the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
and to meeting the challenge of drastically reducing its carbon footprint. Stellantis is rethinking its value 
creation model to anticipate major trends. 
Climate change requires a global response, which for Stellantis includes designing vehicles with lower 
CO2-eq emissions, reducing the carbon impact of manufacturing facilities, logistics and purchasing and 
putting measures in place to offset any remaining carbon impact. Stellantis views it as an opportunity 
to be even more agile to face the challenges and to create the future of mobility, allowing for freedom 
of movement with reduced or no carbon emissions.
To demonstrate its tangible commitments for a low-carbon economy, Stellantis has strengthened its 
climate governance by having climate change concern embedded in its decision-making processes and 
developed a holistic and ambitious strategy with the goal to reduce CO2-eq emissions across its entire 
value chain.
Stellantis also considers that growing awareness about upcoming climate changes for each and every 
individual is of the utmost importance. In this respect, Stellantis is providing free and easy access to a 
web-based Climate School with more than ten hours of training to its employees, in order for them to 
better understand the stakes and to get prepared for the necessary sustainable transformation of their 
activity. As of end-of-year 2023, more than 26,000 cumulated hours of training have been completed.
2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 
Stellantis has a holistic approach to climate change. 
Given its main sources of greenhouse gas emissions, the Stellantis decarbonization strategy is threefold: 
1. Cutting vehicle CO2 emissions  2.5 
2. Moving forward into a carbon-efficient production system  2.6 
3. Improving the environmental performance of the supply chain  2.7 
The subsequent sections of this Climate Report detail the strategy implemented by Stellantis including 
the governance and actions to achieve the targets, following the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
CSR issue/challenge #1 Vehicle CO2 emissions
Based on an assessment of more than 14,000 scientific publications, the Intergovernmental Panel 
of Climate Change (IPCC)  1’s Sixth Assessment Report on the physical science of climate change 
demonstrates that human activities have warmed our planet's atmosphere faster than anything 
people have experienced for at least 2,000 years.
The Sixth Assessment Report also answers important questions about how greenhouse gas 
emissions and other pollutants are changing our climate. It sheds light on how plants, soil and the 
oceans store and release carbon, how the global climate is responding to human influence, and the 
impacts of accelerating global warming: an increasingly variable water cycle, lasting changes in ocean 
and sea levels caused by the melting of the planet’s ice caps, and more generally, extreme weather 
and climate events.
The Sixth Assessment Report also highlights the importance of the choices we all make today. Therefore, 
its recommendations must inform the development and implementation of Stellantis’ strategy.
In its latest assessment on transport-related emissions, the International Energy Agency (IEA) reported 
that global CO2 emissions from cars and vans stood at 3.53Gt in 2022, slightly below the 2019 pre-
pandemic high of 3.61Gt. To be on track for the IEA’s Net Zero Scenario, these emissions need to fall to 
2.06Gt by 2030 2.
The automotive industry has a role in the global effort to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees. To support 
this effort, Stellantis is adapting its business model and launching new technologies in order to meet 
its milestones and objectives while satisfying consumer expectations for access to safe, sustainable 
and affordable mobility solutions. Vehicle electrification is one of the key actions through which we are 
supporting the transition to a decarbonized economy while working toward carbon neutrality.
1 https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg1/
2 https://www.iea.org/energy-system/transport/cars-and-vans
31


Page 32:
Company’s public position 
Stellantis believes it has an ethical responsibility to offer customers affordable mobility solutions that 
are sustainable for the planet and its citizens. 
Stellantis is determined to be compliant with applicable GHG regulations around the globe. This has 
been demonstrated since the creation of Stellantis with a fast-growing LEV line-up and sales mix, 
aiming at an ambitious position in the industry in terms of low CO2 emissions. 
This determination has been further strengthened through Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 plan 
published on March 1, 2022, which includes an accelerated roll-out of BEVs worldwide and our target 
to reduce lifetime CO2 emissions per vehicle by 50% in 2030 compared to 2021, on the path to achieving 
carbon net zero by 2038 with single-digit compensation 3. 
Stellantis believes that the renewed global ambitions to tackle climate change, including the Paris 
Agreement and the EU and U.S. objectives for carbon neutrality by 2050, could be achieved if the 
economic, political and societal spheres adapt. Transition to low CO2 transport and mobility at an 
increased pace requires policymakers to develop and implement a carefully coordinated plan that 
takes into account the economic and social challenges associated with this rapid transition. It also 
requires public authorities to actively support the development of an affordable and sustainable 
mobility ecosystem through the wise use of regulatory frameworks and financial tools and by ensuring 
the contribution of all sectors and green energy sources of all kinds. The energy sector’s ability to 
provide sufficient decarbonized electricity is particularly important. The availability of a convenient and 
widespread vehicle recharging and fast charging infrastructure will play a crucial role and must be 
facilitated; Stellantis’ initiatives on charging infrastructure  2.5.3.2.4  should be complemented by 
policy and public investments.
CSR issue/challenge #2 Industrial and site carbon footprint
Although the emissions associated with fuel and electricity consumption in our manufacturing and 
other facilities represents a small part, around 1% of the Company’s overall carbon footprint, we 
are committed to reducing carbon emissions from industrial operations and non-manufacturing 
facilities. We regard this effort as an important factor in tackling climate change. As far as vehicle 
manufacturing is concerned, the major cause of greenhouse gas emissions is energy consumption.  
To reduce our impact on climate, Stellantis acts on several levers such as optimizing the energy efficiency 
of manufacturing processes, using electricity derived from decarbonized sources and adopting more 
efficient technologies. 
Company’s public position 
At Stellantis, we are contributing to the emergence of a decarbonized economy by engaging our 
talented teams and assets to drive toward global carbon neutrality. Stellantis has been rolling out 
a process for controlling its environmental impact and ensuring continuous improvement. Based 
on our experience (the vast majority of our plants are, or are becoming ISO 14001 -cer tified, and the 
environmental footprint of our manufacturing operations is progressively declining). 
3 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/events/strategic-
plan-2030/2022_03_01_Strategic_Plan.pdf
We are convinced that the energy transition requires that all actors of the economic ecosystem join 
forces; manufacturing companies need to find affordable and available carbon-free energy sources to 
implement their decarbonization pathway.
We also believe new solutions need to be found and scaled up in Carbon Capture & Storage (CSS) 
technologies, and we encourage governments to support research and development efforts in this field. 
CSR issue/challenge #3 Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing and logistics
In addition to emissions from vehicles and manufacturing, there are significant emissions that are 
connected with our activities but come from outside the organization. The CO2 emissions linked to 
our supply chain represent less than 10% of Stellantis’ overall carbon footprint, while inbound and 
outbound transportation accounts for about 1%. 
We are working with our supply base to support our climate leadership and we ask suppliers to adopt 
climate and carbon neutrality objectives that are in line with Stellantis commitments.
Stellantis has made reducing CO 2 emissions associated with logistics a priority. The environmental 
impact of inbound and outbound transportation is far-reaching, and ranges from local impacts (air and 
sound pollution) to global warming. We are working to optimize transport plans, loads, and volumes, 
and developing multimodal transport. 
Company’s public position 
Stellantis supports the decarbonization of automotive industry suppliers. This goal is an important 
element of our supplier partnerships, as decarbonization will be a key factor of competitiveness and 
long-term commitment between Stellantis and its supply base. To reduce the CO2 impact of our supply 
chain, we work with key suppliers at the product design and development phase, with particular focus 
on increasing the usage of recycled materials and designing products to optimize recyclability. Our 
suppliers’ environmental commitments are supported and accredited by industry-leading external 
partners, such as the CDP and its Supply Chain Program  2.7.3.2 .
We are also engaged in several organized initiatives. These include local and wider scale initiatives 
of the automotive industry, amongst them several in Europe and North America at national (PFA; 
AIAG; VDA; ANFIA) and regional levels (by the ARIAs, automotive competitiveness clusters, regional 
automotive industry associations) with public authorities and the administration  7.1.6 .
The Global Purchasing and Supply Chain Division supplements this automotive industry network and 
its ecosystem by appointing regional leadership in each manufacturing cluster around the world. 
In the area of transport and logistics, Stellantis urges public authorities to increase and improve 
multimodal transport solutions, which will enable low-carbon transportation access to and from 
Stellantis facilities worldwide. For road transport, Stellantis welcomes policies and innovative solutions 
to support higher road use efficiency and reduce the carbon intensity of freight transport (e.g., 
promoting high-capacity transport such as gigaliners). 
32


Page 33:
2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING CLIMATE VISION AND TARGETS  
TCFD.Mc
GRI 3-3
 
Commitment scoreboard 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    Carbon footprint reduction in the whole value chain
VISION/AMBITION: Contribute to global carbon neutrality, with an ambitious carbon footprint reduction roadmap.
OWNER: Chief Planning Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2023) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
GHG emissions reduction (%) 
(absolute GWP in scope 1 and 2, 
intensity GWP (per veh) for scope 
3 - 1.5°C scenario - Global
Targets for vehicle 
programs under 
development consistent 
with -50% GHG 
emissions per vehicle 
2030 objective
Reduce GHG emissions 
by 50% per vehicle vs 
2021 level
Carbon Net Zero, 
with single digit % 
compensation of residual 
emissions vs 2021 level4 
Stellantis global carbon 
footprint: 527.2 million tons 
CO2-eq 80.2 tons CO2-eq/veh
Stellantis global carbon 
footprint: 450.6 million tons 
CO2-eq 77.1 tons CO2-eq/veh
Stellantis global carbon 
footprint: 460.7 million 
tons CO2-eq 74.3 tons CO2-
eq/veh 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #1 Vehicle CO2 emissions
VISION/AMBITION: Propose a wide range of low carbon mobility devices, rapidly available in countries of operations, to contribute to the race to carbon neutrality, by leading CO2 emissions reduction. 
OWNER: Chief Planning Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
Percentage of nameplates with 
LEV offering (focus on U.S. and 
EU)
EU Passenger Cars (PC): 
95%5 
U.S. PC & Light Duty 
Trucks (LDT): 81% 
EU PC: 100% nameplates 
with BEV offering
U.S. PC & LDT: 100% 
nameplates with BEV 
offering
EU PC: 100% nameplates 
with BEV offering
U.S. PC & LDT: 100% 
nameplates with BEV 
offering
EU PC: 40% LEV (15% BEV)
 
U.S. PC & LDT: 10% LEV
EU PC: 48% LEV (14% BEV)
 
U.S. PC & LDT: 14% LEV
EU PC: 60% LEV (30% 
BEV)
U.S. PC & LDT: 21% LEV
Share of LEV in global sales 
mix (focus on U.S. and EU)
EU PC: 44% LEV (incl. 
34% BEV)6
U.S. PC&LDT: 37% (incl. 
14% BEV) 
EU PC: 100% BEV
 
U.S. PC&LDT: 50% BEV
EU PC: 100% BEV 
 
U.S. PC&LDT: 100% BEV
EU PC: 12.8% LEV (8% BEV)
 
U.S. PC& LDT: 3.4% LEV
EU PC: 18.3% LEV (11.2% 
BEV)
U.S. PC& LDT: 4.9% LEV
EU PC: 18.5% LEV (11.9% 
BEV)
U.S. PC&LDT: 11.2% LEV
4 The achievement is conditioned by key external enablers: decarbonized energy (based on Announced Pledges Scenario from International Energy Agency), and conducive public policies for BEV (charging infrastructure, purchasing incentives).
5 The change in the percentage of electrified nameplates in 2025 (compared to 91% for U.S. PC & LDT communicated in 2022 disclosures) is due to planning adjustments delaying two model launches from late 2025 to early 2026.
6 EU 2025 mix subject to change based on market conditions in Europe.
33


Page 34:
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #2 Industrial and sites carbon footprint
VISION/AMBITION: Contribute to a decarbonized economy by achieving net zero emissions within our activities worldwide (scope 1 and 2). 
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
Absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions (tons of CO2-eq) 
-50% vs 2021 -75% vs 2021 Carbon Net Zero, 
with single digit % 
compensation of residual 
emissions vs 2021 level7 
3,874,486 3,443,124 (-11% vs 2021) 3,080,249 (-20% vs 2021)
Share of decarbonized electricity 
used (%) 
50% 100% 100% 45% 55% 58%
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #3 Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing and logistics
VISION/AMBITION: Request our suppliers and their supply base by reaching into them on a cascading basis, therein to support our road to carbon neutrality by bringing innovative solutions and by adopting 
own GHG emissions reduction trajectories to comply or outreach the Paris Climate Agreement. 
OWNER: Chief Purchasing & Supply Chain Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
Share of Annual Purchased Value 
from suppliers with CO2 reduction 
targets compliant with the Paris 
Agreement  
80% Annual Purchase 
Value from strategic 
(Level 1 and Level 28)  
suppliers 
95% Annual Purchase 
Value from strategic 
(Level 1 and Level 28) 
suppliers Carbon Net Zero of 
the supply chain with 
minimal compensation7 
More than 55% of strategic 
(Level 1 and Level 28) 
suppliers committed to 
comply with the Paris 
Agreement 
More than 65% of strategic 
(Level 1 and Level 28) 
suppliers committed to 
comply with the Paris 
Agreement
More than 75% of strategic 
(Level 1 and Level 28) 
suppliers committed to 
comply with the Paris 
Agreement
CO2 emissions of purchased parts Award business 
compliant with CO2 
emission targets defined 
for each new EV project
-40% of CO2 emissions 
of scope 3 upstream 
activities on BEV’s scope 
vs 2021
7 The achievement is conditioned by key external enablers: decarbonized energy (based on Announced Pledges Scenario from International Energy Agency), and conducive public policies for BEV (charging infrastructure, purchasing incentives).
8 Strategic “Level 1” and “Level 2” suppliers represent the most relevant strategic suppliers to Stellantis primarily based on Annual Purchased Value (APV), innovation and additional critical factors.
34


Page 35:
A net zero commitment to support the planet’s carbon neutrality
Stellantis targets to become carbon net zero on the whole value chain by 2038, with single digit percent compensation of residual emissions versus 2021 level.
STELLANTIS CARBON NET-ZERO ROADMAP
2021 2025 2030 2038
Base year
of CO2 emissions of Scope 3 upstream per BEV*
-50%*
-50%* -75%*
-50%*
-90%* 
tCO2 eq/veh
tCO2 absolute tCO2 absolute
tCO2 eq/veh
tCO2 eq/vehMore than
50% decarbonized 
electricity used
Sales
EU PC: 44% LEV 
US PC&LDT: 37% LEV
Sales
EU PC: 100% BEV 
US PC&LDT: 50% BEV
-40% 
Sales
EU PC: 100% BEV 
US PC&LDT: 100% BEV
CARBON NET ZERO
Scopes 1 & 2Scope 3
100% decarbonized 
electricity used
Compensation of all residual emissions
with single digit % compensationAcross our entire  
value chain
Across our entire value chain
* Reduction vs 2021 base year
35


Page 36:
Key external enablers for this roadmap are
 ■ Decarbonized energy (based on Announced Pledges Scenario from International Energy Agency)
 ■ Conductive public policies for BEV (charging infrastructure, purchasing incentives) 
In order to contribute to the collective global carbon neutrality objective in the most efficient way, 
Stellantis’ strategy is based on energy consumption reduction first, then carbon footprint reduction 
at the maximum, before balancing residual GHG emissions with carbon removal and additional other 
compensation solutions if relevant. 
To achieve this target, Stellantis has defined a comprehensive, long-term, Carbon Net Zero roadmap, 
including an intermediate target of -50% reduction by 2030 versus 2021, based on the following key 
milestones: 
 ■ By 2030, Stellantis targets to reduce GHG emissions by -75% on industrial sites and real estate (scope 
1 and 2 of GHG protocol) and to use 100% decarbonized electricity
 ■ Stellantis continues to reduce the Well-to-Wheel CO2 emissions of its vehicles thanks to an ambitious 
electrification roadmap, improvement of BEV efficiencies, and improvements in the fuel consumption 
of remaining ICE vehicles (scope 3 use of sold products of GHG protocol). By 2030, Stellantis intends 
to sell 100% BEV for passenger cars in Europe and 50% BEV for passenger cars and light-duty trucks 
in the U.S.
 ■ Stellantis has actively engaged with its suppliers to reduce the carbon footprint of purchased parts, 
led by an objective of reducing the carbon footprint of BEV purchased parts by 40% by 2030 (scope 
3 Purchased goods and services of GHG protocol). This will allow us to reduce the carbon intensity 
of of battery and component production and further decrease our global carbon footprint reduction 
as we transition to electrified mobility.
These objectives can be reached under the condition that the ecosystem adapts at the right pace and is 
conducive to electrification (public policies, charging infrastructure, decarbonized electricity, etc.).
Stellantis anticipates to be compliant with the EU regulation that will impose only zero tailpipe emission 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles by 2035. We are targeting to sell only BEV passenger cars 
in the EU by 2030.
In the “Daring for Zero” series, involved employees present how they are delivering on this commitment 
and bringing the company closer to achieving its carbon net zero ambition 9.
9 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/insights/designing-for-electrified-mobility
Comprehensive  
Carbon Net Zero 
roadmap including 
intermediate target of 
-50% 
reduction  
by 2030 vs 2021
Stellantis’ 2038 carbon neutrality commitment incorporates more than 90% reduction in emissions. 
For residual emissions that cannot be abated, Stellantis’ position is to select carbon removal 
projects that strictly respect a set of robust quality criteria, which notably include additionality, no 
harm requirements for local ecosystems and communities, and environmental, social & biodiversity 
co-benefits. 
We are also closely monitoring the evolution of regulatory frameworks concerning best 
practices for carbon removal (revisions to Article 6.4 of the Paris Agreement expected at COP 28,  
European Commission proposal on carbon removal ‘QU.A.L.ITY’ criteria), as well as leading  
science-based recommendations on carbon removal project quality. 
Concurrently, Stellantis has engaged an in-depth screening of mature and emerging technologies 
- including Spot Source Capture, Direct Air Capture, Biochar, Mineral Storage, Reforestation & 
Afforestation etc. - to assess the most reliable and impactful carbon removal and storage technologies. 
Stellantis is committed to investing in a portfolio of carbon removal technologies and projects across 
several continents. Key orientations on this topic are planned to be submitted to the Strategy Council 
consistently with the timeline of decisions to be made for the Stellantis Carbon Net Zero roadmap.
In the Spring of 2023 Stellantis Ventures made a strategic investment in NetZero, a climate venture 
specializing in long-term carbon removal from the atmosphere by turning agriculture residues into 
biochar, a very stable form of carbon. Biochar can be mixed with agricultural soils, improving yields and 
reducing the need for fertilizers 10.
Stellantis computes its carbon footprint in accordance with Greenhouse Gas Protocol and consistently 
with ISO 14064 standard. Targets, covering absolute GHG emissions from scopes 1 and 2 and Well-
to-Wheel CO2 emissions from scope 3 in intensity, are established according to the available Science-
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) methodology at the time of roadmap definition, based on Sector 
Decarbonization Approach for the transport sector. The 2030 intermediate targets are in line with the 
Paris Agreement and 1.5°C scenario.
The consistency of Stellantis’ approach with SBTi recommendations was verified in 2022 by EcoAct, a specialized 
firm in environmental analysis and greenhouse gas diagnostics. As SBTi is preparing its Draft Interim 1.5°C 
Pathway for Automakers, Stellantis will revisit its assessment when an updated SBTi pathway is released. 
Targets are defined assuming no change in the lifetime mileage of vehicles over the years. Nevertheless, 
we are working on improving vehicle durability.
Impacts on other environmental criteria of Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) are also taken into 
consideration  6.1.7 .
10 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/june/stellantis-ventures-seeds-innovation-with-11-
key-investments-into-sustainable-mobility
36


Page 37:
2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT  
OF CLIMATE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES  
SASB-410a.3
The automobile industry is facing profound economic, regulatory, environmental and societal 
challenges, driven by the need to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change. This translates 
into increasing pressure from all stakeholders (financial players, customers, regulators, civil society, 
NGOs and suppliers). In this context, the identification and the management of climate-related risks 
and opportunities is a key approach for Stellantis to work towards business sustainability.
Managing those risks and opportunities leads Stellantis to define a clear decarbonization strategy, 
ambitious objectives and efficient enablers.
Given Stellantis’ determination to embed CSR in its decisions and activities, climate risks are managed 
by specific strategic actions and resources within the area of expertise required. Risk management is 
integrated at the heart of the strategy across the organization, from the decision-making bodies to the 
operational entities. 
Climate leadership of Stellantis: ambition and strategy 
CLIMATE CHANGE RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES
RISKS
OUR IDENTIFIED CLIMATE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
TRANSITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
 New Mobility 
 Innovation 
 Resource efficiency 
 Vehicle diversity 
 Vertical Integration 
Transitional
 Policy and legal 
 Technology 
 Market 
 Social 
 Reputation 
Physical
 Supply chain 
 Facilities 
 Scarcity 
OUR VISION FOR CLIMATE
Contribute to a global carbon neutrality, with an ambitious carbon footprint reduction roadmap
OUR CLIMATE STRATEGY 
Innovation breakthroughs for low-carbon 
technologies
Strategic partnerships to master the EV value chain
New mobility solutions expansion
Close collaboration and innovation with stakeholders 
across the supply chain (purchasing and logistics)
Carbon / energy-efficient and resilient production 
assets (Stellantis Production Way roadmap)
OUR OBJECTIVES FOR 2038*
Carbon Net Zero of the whole value chain (>90% absolute 
emissions reduction on scope 1 and 2, >90% intensity 
reduction on scope 3), with all residual emissions 
compensated through carbon removal.
100% nameplates with BEV offering in Europe** and U.S.***
100% BEV sales in Europe** and 100% BEV sales in U.S.***
Carbon Net Zero of the supply chain with minimal 
compensation
OUR ENABLERS
Efficient governance with clear responsibilities
Solid climate-related risk management with scenario 
analysis
Transparent climate monitoring with ambitious metrics 
and targets
Focused research and development/innovation investments
Continuous workforce skill improvement policy
Benchmark and sharing best practices to improve overall 
consumption by plants
* Commitments, targets and conditions are detailed in  2.2  
** For passenger cars 
*** For passenger cars and light-duty trucks
37


Page 38:
Carbon footprint TCFD.Mb  
In order to manage its carbon footprint, Stellantis annually quantifies the total CO 2 equivalent of 
greenhouse gas emissions, primarily CO 2, emitted from its activities over the whole life cycle of its 
automotive products, taking into account its global activity and the real-life emissions of the vehicles. 
The table below sums up the assessment of global Stellantis emissions of CO2 equivalent from 2021, 
first year of operation of Stellantis. 
Global Stellantis carbon footprint
Year
Scope 1  
(million tons CO2-eq)
2023 1.4
2022 1.5
2021 1.7
Scope 2 *  
(million tons CO2-eq)
2023 1.7
2022 1.9
2021 2.2
Scope 3 
(million tons CO2-eq)
2023 457.6
2022 447.2
2021 523.3
Total emissions  
(million tons CO2-eq)
2023 460.7
2022 450.6
2021 527.2
Total emissions  
per vehicle sold  
(tons CO2-eq/veh)
2023 74.3
2022 77.1
2021 80.2
*market-based
As of 2023, Stellantis’ global carbon footprint has decreased by 7.3% in intensity (tons of CO2-eq/veh) 
compared to 2021, pursuing the reduction of average vehicle carbon footprint towards 2030 objective 
(-50% in tons of CO 2-eq/veh). Efficiency improvement of vehicles and increase of electrification mix 
allows to avoid 5.9 tons of CO2-eq emissions per vehicle sold during its life cycle in 2023 against 2021. 
2023 absolute emissions are below our 2021 base year. The increase in absolute emissions relative to 
2022 is driven by abnormally low 2022 volumes, notably due to unfilled semiconductor orders.
-7.3% 
in intensity  
(tons of CO2-eq/veh) 
compared to 2021
-5.9 tons of CO2-eq 
avoided per vehicle sold 
during its life cycle  
in 2023 against 2021 
Global 2023 Stellantis carbon footprint: main emission items GRI 302-2
Detailed comparison of 2023, 2022 and 2021 emission items is provided in section  2.5.4.2 
UPSTREAM ACTIVITIES
SCOPE 3  
(Indirect emissions)
PURCHASING
Extraction of materials 
and production  
of parts used by Stellantis 
for its business
refer to 2.7 
Transport of materials 
and parts to Stellantis 
plants
refer to 2.7 
Movement of 
employees
refer to 2.7 
COMPANY ACTIVITIES
SCOPE 3  
(Indirect emissions)
BUILDING PERFORMANCE
Fuel and electricity 
consumption in 
plants
tertiary sites
dealership networks 
and warehouses 
refer to 2.5 
DOWNSTREAM ACTIVITIES
SCOPE 1 AND 2  
(Direct and indirect emissions)
USE OF VEHICLES SOLD (WtW*)
Fuel and electricity production (WtT*) 
Exhaust emissions (TtW*)
refer to 2.5 
VEHICLE MAINTENANCE
WORK-RELATED TRAVELS
UPSTREAM TRANSPORT
DOWNSTREAM TRANSPORT
PRODUCT END-OF-LIFE
refer to 2.5 
refer to 6.1 
refer to 2.7 
* WtW= Well-to-Wheel    WtT= Well-to-Tank    TtW= Tank-to-Wheel 
The steps taken by Stellantis to reduce the emissions of these emission sources are described 
in the sections indicated.
 41.4 M tons CO2-eq (9.0%)  3.1 M tons CO2-eq (0.7%)   401.5 M tons CO2-eq (87.2%) 
 0.6% 
 0.03% 
 0.02% 
 56.0 M tons of CO2-eq (12.2%) 
 345.5 M tons of CO2-eq  (75.0%)
 8.9 M tons CO2-eq (1.9%) 
 0,33 M tons CO2-eq (0.07%)
 1,4 M tons CO2-eq (0.3%) 
 2.0 M tons CO2-eq (0.4%) 
 2.1 M tons CO2-eq (0.5%) 
Extraction of materials and 
production of spare parts
Transport of produced vehicles to 
retail outlets for sale
Recovery and recycling of 
End-of-Life vehicles
This assessment considers the following global carbon footprints: 
 ■ UPSTREAM ACTIVITIES including:
 ● all component materials of vehicles manufactured in 2023 from extraction to molding and 
assembly on the vehicle, using life cycle analysis databases;
 ● the upstream transport  2.7 ; 
 ● Work-related air travel & employee commuting (for employee commuting, all assumptions are 
based on French data and extended to all Stellantis employees)  2.7 ; 
 ● Car trips being made with company cars are accounted through the use of Stellantis vehicles in 
Scope 3 downstream activities.
38


Page 39:
 ■ COMPANY ACTIVITIES include energy consumption in:
 ● manufacturing plants (assembly plants or components factories);
 ● tertiary sites;
 ● dealership networks.
They are derived from GHG (greenhouse gas) assessments carried out at Stellantis plants, tertiary 
sites and Company-owned dealership network  2.6 .
 ■ DOWNSTREAM ACTIVITIES including:
 ● Tank-to-Wheel CO2 emissions: use of vehicles sold in 2023 according to the CO2 emissions data 
for each vehicle sold and the following operating criteria:
 ■ Mileage:
 • For North America: 225,865 miles (363,643 km) for Passenger Cars and Light Duty Trucks, 
and 150,000 miles (241,500 km) for Heavy Duty Trucks over 15 years, consistent with EPA 
Green House Gas regulation;
 • For Europe and other regions: 50,000 km for micromobility devices, 225,000 km driven for 
Passenger Cars and 300,000 km for Light Commercial Vehicles over 15 years.
 ■ Real-life consumption assumptions based on regional monitoring, notably for ICE vehicles: 
+20% against WLTP regulatory CO2 emission value for Europe and +30% against unadjusted 
EPA fuel Consumption (consistent with EPA label value) for North America.
 ● Well-to-Tank CO2 emissions, corresponding to the impact of the production of:
 ■ the fuels used by conventional vehicles are evaluated using Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) 
databases;
 ■ the electricity used by the electrified vehicles are evaluated based on actuals and forecasts 
from LCA databases and International Energy Agency scenarios per region. 
 ● The production of spare parts used for the maintenance of the cars, using LCA databases.
 ● The vehicle End-of-Life modelled on current processes.
 ● The downstream transport  2.7 .
Other subcategories of GHG protocol (e.g., CO2 emitted from waste in operations) have an impact 
of less than 1% according to our first assessment. A detailed analysis is ongoing on those activities 
as well as on emissions from purchased services. The 2023 assessment does not capture these 
emissions, even though, as mentioned above, a new category (employee commuting) has been 
added that was not part of the 2021 and 2022 disclosures. 
2.3.1 FACING REALITY AS IT IS: CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES THROUGHOUT THE ORGANIZATION AND ACROSS 
THE VALUE CHAIN
On the Stellantis materiality matrix, climate change appears as one of the top macro-risks the Company 
has to tackle. It requires a global and comprehensive response supporting the attainment of our carbon 
net zero target in the long-term as well as our intermediate targets in the short- to medium-term.  
A clear and transparent acknowledgement of the risks and issues related to climate change is therefore 
vital for Stellantis to work towards sustainability. 
2.3.1.1 Extensive assessment of climate risks TCFD.Ra  TCFD.Rb  TCFD.Rc
As part of its Risk Management System, Stellantis uses its company-wide risk analysis framework 
to assess, manage and report climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities. This is 
described in  1.2.3  of this document. 
Given their potential impact on the Company’s situation, the two climate-related risks, "natural 
hazards’" and "global carbon footprint", are considered as significant risks and presented to the Audit 
Committee of the Board of Directors. 
In accordance with the TCFD recommendations, our climate-related risk assessment sorts risks into 
two categories: transition risks and physical risks. The assessment of transition climate-related risks 
considers risks related to the current and emerging regulation, technology risks, legal risks, market risks 
and reputation risks. As for the assessment of physical climate-related risks, it considers both acute 
risks from extreme weather conditions such as floods or wildfires and chronic risks such as impacts of 
rising temperatures and accelerating loss of biodiversity.
2.3.1.2 Sowing the seeds of the carbon-neutral future opens  
new business opportunities  
TCFD.Sa
 
TCFD.Sb
 
GRI 3-3
While the climate crisis generates transition and physical risks, Stellantis also considers it as an 
opportunity. The Company’s agility enables it to focus on the most relevant market stakes and to 
rapidly implement decisions made to adapt to evolving mobility expectations. New “low-carbon” 
mobility solutions and urban mobility markets are becoming significant sources of revenue. Along with 
operational efficiency and technological innovation, they enhance the leadership and value of Stellantis. 
Management of climate-related opportunities and risks is embedded within the Company’s business 
lines, with entities managing specific climate issues that are within their area of expertise. 
39


Page 40:
Risk #1: More stringent CO2 emissions regulations thresholds for vehicle manufacturers
Type of risk: Transition Risk: Policy & Legal 
Timeframe: Short-term (until 2025)
Risk Opportunities
RISK DESCRIPTION
The number, scope and ambition of regulatory requirements regarding greenhouse 
gas emissions are expected to increase significantly in the future. This concerns vehicle 
fuel efficiency regulations and emissions standards as well as regulations that apply 
to Stellantis’ production facilities and to most of its suppliers. A failure to comply 
may lead to fines, vehicle recalls, the suspension of sales and may adversely affect 
Stellantis’ reputation. Stellantis takes this risk into account because the Company sells 
vehicles in countries where regulations on fuel consumption are severe.
POTENTIAL IMPACT
Most CO2-related regulations worldwide include a fine payment clause in case of 
noncompliance - see examples of assessment for Stellantis below the table. 
Stellantis must devote financial and management resources, vehicle engineering and 
design attention to these legal requirements. Emissions standards applying to production 
facilities may require investments to upgrade facilities, thus increasing operating costs. 
Because these regulations drive investors to monitor the carbon intensity of their asset 
portfolios, a failure to comply may have risk profile impacts and increase credit costs. A 
failure by suppliers to meet applicable environmental laws or regulations may lead to a 
disruption of Stellantis’ supply chain or to raw materials and components price increases.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Developing an increasingly low-carbon range of product 
& services, relying on an ambitious electrification roadmap 
outlined in Stellantis’ Dare Forward strategic plan, with an 
ambition to reach 100% BEV for passenger cars in Europe 
and 50% BEV for passenger cars and light-duty trucks in the 
United States by 2030  2.5.3 .
Investing in process improvements to transform production 
locations into energy-efficient facilities, and increasing the 
share of decarbonized energy used  2.6 .
Engaging suppliers on climate-related issues to avoid 
supply chain disruptions due to more stringent emissions 
regulations  2.7.3.1 .
Relying on a vertical integration strategy to reduce the 
Company’s dependence on suppliers and to reduce the risk of 
supply chain disruptions or cost increases due to emissions-
related regulations  2.5.3.2.2 .
ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
Reducing vehicle complexity. Focusing on the development of 
environmentally friendly technologies that can be rolled out 
on a large scale allows product design simplification as well 
as purchasing and manufacturing optimization (footprint, 
logistics, inventories, etc.). This is a strong enabler for 
Stellantis powertrain and vehicle complexity reduction.
Associating suppliers to decarbonized energy. Using CO2-eq 
“cradle-to gate” performance as a criterion for the business 
award and requesting key suppliers to commit to CO2 
reduction trajectory compliant with Paris Agreement brings a 
significant improvement to Stellantis environmental targets 
achievement  2.7.3.2 .
Increasing business attractiveness. European Taxonomy 
regulation - allowing comparison between companies of 
the same sector - highlights Stellantis’ attractiveness in 
sustainable mobility and offers financial opportunities.
Risk #2: Impacts on the business model of the transition to low carbon technologies
Type of risk: Transition Risk: Technological
Timeframe: Short-term (until 2025)
Risk Opportunities
RISK DESCRIPTION
The registration of LEVs is increasing sharply and is expected to keep growing. 
POTENTIAL IMPACT
The transition to low carbon technologies may lead to an increase in vehicle price 
and have a negative impact on the demand addressed by the company’s products, 
especially if government subsidies for EV sales are not maintained. Manufacturers 
may not be able to generate profit from LEV sales as anticipated since competitive 
pricing might be used in order to win market share, while adversely affecting profits. 
Technological capabilities may prove short-lived if BEVs replace PHEVs sooner than 
expected. After-sales revenue may also be impacted as EVs require less maintenance 
than ICE vehicles. The transition to LEVs could create a loss of added value if 
carmakers fail to obtain expertise in electrified technologies. Since EV manufacturing 
reduces the number of workers needed per vehicle produced, increased LEV sales 
could impact workforce volume. However, eventual delays in the development of new 
technology for electrification may result in the loss of revenue and market shares. 
The inability to keep up with the market’s electrification trends would prevent the 
Company from complying with CAFE regulations. 
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Speeding up the electrification of the car lines in all segments. 
Stellantis aims to overperform the market with its LEV sales, 
anticipating LEV pricing improvements due to a reduced Total 
Cost of Ownership  2.5.3.2 .
Gaining control over EV components supply chain to maintain 
the value added  2.5.3.2.2 .
Optimizing battery cost. The Battery Management System 
aims to maximize the useful energy in real life, and controlling 
the aging to postpone discharge as much as possible.
Anticipating the impacts of the Company’s decarbonization 
strategy on its workers, in a “just transition approach” 
Stellantis boosts its workers’ employability through training 
programs. The powertrain and gearbox industrial strategy 
is often on the agenda of employee representative bodies 
meetings  3.1.4   3.2.7 .
ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
Selling highly efficient LEVs to gain a competitive advantage. 
Increased battery longevity and efficiency would increase EV 
range and, in turn, the demand for these vehicles  2.5.3.2.4 .
Selling batteries to third parties. Our vertical integration 
strategy provides us with the opportunity to sell batteries 
to other automobile manufacturers and therefore generate 
additional revenue. 
Placing a Zero-emission hydrogen fuel cell offer 
complementary to the battery-electric solutions  2.5.2 .
Launching a fast charging network across Europe to 
encourage EV adoption by supporting the EV ecosystem  
 2.5.3.2.3 .
40


Page 41:
Risk #3: Insufficient supply of critical raw materials to satisfy the production needs related to LEVs 
Type of risk: Transition Risk: Market
Timeframe: Short-term (until 2025)
Risk Opportunities
RISK DESCRIPTION
The transition from ICE to electrified vehicles is modifying the need for raw materials. 
As Stellantis implements electrified powertrain applications throughout its portfolio, it 
depends on a significant supply of lithium, nickel and cobalt and on the supply of parts.
POTENTIAL IMPACT
Increased market power of raw materials and batteries suppliers may negatively 
impact Stellantis’ ability to negotiate with its suppliers and may provoke raw material 
inflation. Price increases would increase Stellantis’ operating costs and could reduce 
profitability. If the increased costs are passed through to customers via higher vehicles 
prices, the demand addressed to the products sold by Stellantis might decrease. 
Certain raw materials needed in lithium-ion batteries are sourced from a limited 
number of suppliers and countries. These may be susceptible to supply shortages or 
disruptions. Their sourcing may also cause negative environmental or social impacts. 
The global demand and supply of a single part could have huge impacts on our 
production. If Stellantis fails to optimize the raw materials and components used in its 
manufacturing processes, it may face increased production costs.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Implementing battery circular economy solutions to reduce 
automobile manufacturers’ pressure on scarce raw materials 
 6.1.7.7 .
A vertical integration strategy for LEV production. 
Automotive Cells Company (ACC - European partnership 
with TotalEnergies and Mercedes-Benz) and two other JVs 
(one with Samsung SDI and one with LG Energy Solutions 
in North America) planned five gigafactories in Europe and 
North America by 2025. Those are meant to secure Stellantis’ 
battery supply  2.5.3.2.2 .
Carbon-free European and North American lithium sourcing 
& supply contracts for critical raw materials. Stellantis 
signed direct off take contracts with two lithium geothermal 
partners in Europe and North America. Tier 1 battery 
suppliers also secured anode/cathode supply contracts in 
Europe. In addition, Stellantis has signed supply deals for 
critical raw materials (nickel, cobalt, manganese copper, rare 
earths)  2.5.3.2.2 .
ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
Planning dual chemistry battery strategy and solid-state batteries.
From 2024 dual chemistry strategy with one cobalt-free 
battery to relieve EVs of raw materials concerns.
Joint development agreement signed with Factorial Energy to 
become a significant player in the solid-state batteries market in 
2026  2.5.3.2.4 .
Relying on alternative sourcing. Stellantis promotes the 
materials coming from recycling supply chains. Engineering 
resources are dedicated to increasing their rate in the 
production of vehicles  6.1.7.2 .
Reducing CO2 emissions in the supply chain. Resource 
efficiency is an opportunity to combine competitiveness and 
climate change mitigation. Reducing the consumption of raw 
materials is a win-win situation: it reduces the purchases 
expenditures as well as the carbon footprint  2.7 .
The life cycle assessment will enhance the visibility on lower 
tier down to the raw material producer.
Risk #4: Changing mobility market due to shifts in customer preferences
Type of risk: Transition Risk: Market 
Timeframe: Medium-term (2026-2035)
Risk Opportunities
RISK DESCRIPTION
The automotive industry is facing disruptive trends that range from the emergence 
of the mobility services market to the acceleration of new technologies such as the 
autonomous vehicle. Automotive markets are shifting from vehicle ownership to shared 
mobility services that change the use of the vehicle fleet. More environmentally conscious 
consumers turn to product-service systems that encourage the collaborative consumption 
of goods and services. In some areas of the world, consumers are more reluctant to buy 
new vehicles and would rather look for shared mobility services. The risk for Stellantis is 
insufficient adaptation of its business model to new forms of mobility. 
POTENTIAL IMPACT
As new forms of mobility gain consumer acceptance, vehicle sales may decrease in some 
markets. The loss of revenue could affect profitability, lead to asset impairment and a fall in 
their securities valuation. The mobility service market may negatively affect the strength 
of Stellantis’ brands: new mobility services make it harder to differentiate a company’s 
products from those of its competitors and therefore harder to encourage customer loyalty. 
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Developing a portfolio of mobility services to prevent any 
gap between the market and Stellantis’ business strategy. 
Free2move and Leasys aim to compete with other actors, in 
and out of the automotive sector, on subscription economy 
trends. They represent opportunities for Stellantis to increase 
its revenue and gain market share outside of its traditional 
segments  4.1.7 . 
ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
Pursuing revolutionary autonomous driving projects as part 
of a multi-partner strategy. While tech players and start-
ups should play an important role in the development of 
the autonomous vehicle market, it also represents a huge 
opportunity for traditional automakers who manage to 
launch innovative high technology projects  4.1.7 .
41


Page 42:
Risk #5: Increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events and water shortages
Type of risk: Physical Risk: Acute
Timeframe: Medium-term (2026-2035)
Risk Opportunities
RISK DESCRIPTION
Science shows that extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and intense, 
that incremental climatic changes are very likely to happen, and that their impacts are 
expected to grow more severe over the coming years and decades. The impacts of 
physical risks are uncertain, in probability, magnitude and timing.
Water shortages represent a direct risk for Stellantis since its manufacturing sites 
use water for production processes . In 2023, 32 plants were located in a high water-
stressed area (according to the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct “baseline water 
stress” indicator). These sites represent 33% of the Company’s production volume.
POTENTIAL IMPACT
Stellantis’ production facilities and supply chain are subject to risks related to natural 
disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes and other climatic phenomena. 
Any catastrophic loss or significant damage to any of its facilities would likely disrupt 
Stellantis’ operations, delay production and adversely affect its product development 
schedules and shipments and lead to a loss of revenue. Our suppliers and the entire 
extended supply network is also vulnerable to these same disruptive impacts, 
potentially leading to disruption in the supply of parts for Stellantis. 
The occurrence of a major incident at a single manufacturing site could compromise 
the production and sale of several hundred thousand vehicles. Any such loss or 
significant damage could result in expense to repair or replace the facility. Physical 
climate-related risks could also have an impact on the cost of insurance. Conflicts of 
use in water-stressed areas could have significant repercussions, notably economic 
and social impacts that would change the company’s relations with some of its 
stakeholders. Inadequate water supply for the painting and refrigeration processes 
would increase Stellantis’ operating costs. 
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Making and updating plans for business continuity and 
activity recovery at sites, according to their exposure to the 
risks and their criticality. Stellantis evaluates the probability of 
future impacts due to earthquakes and to extreme weather 
events on its sites and on its supply chain taking into account 
climate change impact on risk occurrence. Stellantis is thus 
able to identify the most resilient supply chain options and 
associated suppliers  2.3.1.3 .
Relying on an effective risk-assessment method to evaluate 
the use of water in water-stressed facility locations and, as 
a result, to mitigate future climate change impacts in those 
areas  6.6.4.2 .
Striving for responsible water stewardship. To anticipate 
conflicts of use in water-stressed areas and to comply 
with a developing regulatory framework, Stellantis set 
the objective to reach 1 m3 of water withdrawn per vehicle 
produced in industrial activities, an improvement of almost 
80% compared to current performance  6.6.2 . 
Proactive environmental management of the supply chain.
In order to minimize risks and avoid supply chain incidents, 
we monitor and require ISO 14001 certification from our 
supply base as well as carbon accounting activities covered 
by the Stellantis Supply Chain CDP Program. For strategic 
suppliers we additionally review environmental topics 
during top supplier meetings. Operationally, we work to 
optimize our supply chains by optimizing transport plans 
and routes  7.1.3 . 
ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
Reusing effluents for industrial use. Stellantis filters flushing 
water from the paint pre-treatment process and water from 
reverse osmosis to reuse them as industrial water  6.6.4.2 .
42


Page 43:
2.3.1.3 A specific management of physical climate risks  TCFD.Ra  TCFD.Rb  TCFD.Rc  
Extreme weather events or natural disasters could damage production facilities owned by Stellantis 
and its suppliers’ sites, disrupting production and leading to costly delivery delays to the end customer, 
or resulting in plant repair costs. 
Identifying and assessing natural disaster risk and the evolution of physical risks due to climate change 
are therefore key for Stellantis to build appropriate adaptation plans, manage the related financial 
impacts and mitigate the risks. 
Stellantis works jointly with its insurances partners, using natural disaster risk analyses from databases, 
such as NatCatService from Munich RE, and also gets external expertise support from AXA Climate to 
assess climate-related risks at 2030 and 2050 horizon according to SSP2 - RCP 4.5 and SSP5 - RCP 8.5 
reference scenarios from IPCC.
This methodology is used to assess the risk exposure of more than 800 Stellantis assets and main 
suppliers site based on their GPS coordinates.
Based on those analyses, Stellantis implements robust industrial risk prevention strategies to:
 ■ Promote a risk prevention culture;
 ■ Limit and control high-risk situations through risk mitigation plans;
 ■ Deal with emergency and crisis situations through continuity and recovery plans;
 ■ Decide on appropriate investments 
In doing so, Stellantis optimizes the transfer of high-frequency risks to the insurance market.
Stellantis’ strategy to manage physical climate-related risks along the supply chain begins by identifying 
which suppliers would cause the most disruption to Stellantis supply chains if their production were 
impacted. We then assign a risk management maturity index, and work with specialized third-party 
risk research and development advisors to identify and quantify risks to Stellantis. On that basis, we 
develop adequate action plans to mitigate these risks. In addition, we have integrated site-specific risk 
analysis (based on suppliers’ geographic location) into the selection process for new suppliers.
To reduce dependence on raw material supplies, Stellantis also works on increasing circularity and 
recycling for critical raw materials  6.1 .
Specific assessments are also conducted based on SSP3 - RCP 7.0 & SSP5 - RCP 8.5 scenario for major 
non-catastrophic events, such as:
 ■ The consequences of overall increases in temperature on Stellantis locations, waving risks of business 
interruption and related loss due to heatwaves;
 ■ Water stress risk, for which the business-as-usual scenario of the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas for 
2030 is used to conduct sensitivity analysis and stress testing  6.6.4.2 .
2.3.2 RESILIENCE STRATEGY BUILT WITH CLIMATE-RELATED 
SCENARIOS  
TCFD.Sc
Stellantis uses qualitative and quantitative climate-related scenario analysis in its strategy and planning 
to be resilient against transition and physical climate-related risks, notably to:
 ■ Define technology and product offering
Planning, marketing and product division teams work out scenarios based on potential regulatory 
orientations, market evolution, customer expectations as well as locally-available energy sources and 
electricity mix projections. These scenarios help define efficient product and technology offerings for 
each geographical zone, in accordance with the requirements to reduce road transport’s impact on 
climate change. 
 ■ Set greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets
The use of climate-related scenarios supports the development of company-wide climate-related 
targets defined for scopes 1, 2 and 3 aligned with a 1.5°C scenario. The assumptions for the 
decarbonization of electricity are based on the International Energy Agency scenarios. 
 ■ Measure Stellantis’ assets exposure to climate events
Stellantis’ assessment of physical climate-related risks for Stellantis assets and for its suppliers is 
based on a qualitative and quantitative climate-related scenario analysis (measuring climate-related 
risks at 2030 and 2050 horizon according to SSP2 - RCP 4.5 & SSP5 - RCP 8.5 reference scenarios 
from IPCC)  2.3.1.3 . 
2.3.3 CLIMATE EMBEDDED INTO BUSINESS PLANNING  
VIA THE USE OF AN INTERNAL PRICE OF CARBON  
TCFD.Ma
Regarding “carbon pricing”, Stellantis acknowledges - and is integrating into its various decision 
processes - the principle of regulatory pricing of GHG emissions, such as EU Emissions Trading System 
(ETS).
 ■ The principle is already implemented for technical levers that reduce vehicle CO2 tailpipe emissions, 
allowing Stellantis to propose an optimized set of CO 2 reduction levers on its vehicles based on a 
cost-efficiency analysis. 
 ■ For upcoming new vehicle programs the cost of compensation through carbon removal technologies 
of their global carbon footprint – including purchased parts - is assessed and is included in profitability 
studies when relevant.
 ■ All plants have CO2 reduction targets and are required to present roadmaps to reach Stellantis, carbon 
net zero ambition and present yearly progress. The decision-making process relating to capital 
investments in carbon reduction projects takes carbon price into account as well as the alignment 
with the decarbonization goals.
In any case, Stellantis’ decarbonization pace is driven by its commitment to cut 2021 emissions by 50% 
(in intensity, measured in tons of CO2-eq per vehicle) by 2030 and by more than 90% in 2038, not by a 
trade-off between decarbonization costs and costs of remaining emissions.
43


Page 44:
2.4 CLIMATE GOVERNANCE AND DECISION  
BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS  
SASB-410a.3
In order to have an efficient governance to support the implementation of decisions related to climate 
actions, Stellantis has embedded climate issues at various levels of the organization, with responsibility 
exercised within the Company’s management and executive functions. Taking steps for climate to 
be central in decisions and operations can protect performance and enable Stellantis to improve its 
economic and financial efficiency by safeguarding the value of its assets, managing its risks more 
effectively and protecting its value and sustainability in the medium- to long-term. 
2.4.1 SUPERVISORY BODIES: STRIVING FOR LONG-TERM  
CLIMATE RESILIENCE 
TCFD.Ga
 
Bodies responsible for climate risks and opportunities oversight and control
Stellantis N.V. has a one-tier board: the Board of Directors is responsible for management and strategic 
direction of the Company as well as oversight and control. 
The CEO is supported by the Top Executive Team aiming to secure worldwide profitable growth for 
Stellantis.
Within this governance structure, the Board of Directors considers subjects that link to the strategic 
plan. Climate being a key topic, the Board of Directors ensures that the strategy fits with the Stellantis 
long-term vision and climate resilience, and that related risks and opportunities stemming from the 
effects of climate change are properly identified and managed.
The CEO and the Strategy Council are responsible for defining the overall environmental strategy, 
including climate-related policies. The CEO reports to the Board of Directors.
Major strategic projects with significant impact on the CO2 emissions of the Company or its products are 
brought to the Board of Directors for review or decisions. Those projects can range from the reduction 
of vehicle CO2 emissions to product planning or new mobility offers with CO2 emission reduction targets.
Other major projects that can be impacted by the consequences of climate change, such as the location 
of new sites, are also reviewed by the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors reviews the related financial implications of strategic projects with significant 
impact on CO 2 emissions, such as the capital expenditure or strategic transformation needed to 
implement these projects. The Board of Directors discusses these projects for approval after being 
informed about aspects such as CO2 emission consequences and expected changes in the future 
mobility market.
Stellantis’ strategic climate commitments, their implementation and their progress versus targets, are 
presented to the Board of Directors, in order to deliver relevant information on the climate-related CSR 
issues impacting the organization.
Board of Directors committees: incorporation of climate related topics 
With its 11 members, the Board of Directors has implemented three Committees with specific roles:
 ■ the Audit Committee;
 ■ the ESG Committee;
 ■ the Remuneration Committee.
These specialized Committees prepare and produce work for the Board of Directors. Each Committee 
issues proposals, recommendations and opinions within the scope of its responsibilities. 
ESG Committee
The ESG Committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating reports on the Company’s sustainable 
development policies and practices, management standards, strategy, performance and governance 
globally. It is also responsible for reviewing, assessing and making recommendations regarding 
strategic guidelines for sustainability-related issues and reviewing the annual CSR Report. 
In 2023, climate change-related topics have been addressed by the Committee in its meetings.  
An induction session was organized to present the different solutions for CO 2 emission 
compensation.
2.4.2 EXECUTIVE BODIES: PUTTING CLIMATE RESPONSIBILITY  
AS A CENTRAL THEME IN  EXECUTIVE DECISION-MAKING  
TCFD.Gb
  
 
GRI 2-23
 
GRI 3-3
The Top Executive Team has a broad reach across the organization. Therefore, the Team has a global 
vision of climate-sensitive challenges and the impacts that these challenges have on the Stellantis 
business model and management bodies. The Top Executive Team monitors progress against climate 
commitments and objectives, and reviews top risks with a particular focus on climate change, especially 
vehicle CO2 emissions, which are identified as the most strategic CSR issue for Stellantis.
Therefore, climate-sensitive issues are embedded in decisions made by the Top Executive Team on 
reviewing and guiding major plans of action, annual budgets or business plans.
At the executive level, two committees review climate-related topics: 
The Strategy Council 
Its role is to look at the long-term future and potential courses of action for growth and to define the 
strategic plan and validate corresponding investment plans. Since the topic of CO2 emissions of vehicles 
is a strategic issue for Stellantis, the Strategy Council’s role is to verify that proposals on these topics fit 
the Company’s strategy and its execution. 
44


Page 45:
The Strategy Council meets monthly, to direct the strategy regarding vehicle CO 2 emissions and 
to review on a quarterly basis the overall Carbon Net Zero roadmap with the Top Executive Team.  
The main objectives are to:
 ■ Share the forecast of vehicle CO 2 emission average for short, medium and long-term in different 
countries and geographical areas (especially where CAFE/CO2 regulation exists, such as in the U.S., 
Europe, China, Brazil, Japan, Korea, India, Australia, etc) and decide on action plans;
 ■ Share the scenarios on hypotheses worked out by the Company’s experts: 
 ● using internal data related to Stellantis’ current technologies 
 ● using external data related to climate scenarios and market trends (regulation assumptions, 
energy mix evolution, uptake of electrified vehicles, etc.)
 ● covering risks regarding the supply chain including shortages.
 ■ Approve global action plans and make the necessary decisions to achieve Stellantis Carbon Net Zero 
roadmap consistently with the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan.
The range of attendees demonstrates that the CO2 issue is at the core of Stellantis activities and strategy: the 
CEO is the Chairman of the Strategy Council. Top Executive Team members from Planning, Manufacturing, 
Purchasing & Supply Chain, General Counsel, Human Resources & Transformation, Finance, Regions, 
Brands and Engineering also participate. The frequent briefings of Top Executive Team members during the 
Strategy Council meetings about climate-related topics such as Life Cycle Assessment or carbon neutrality 
are meant for top managers to be up-to-date regarding climate change-related impacts. 
The Industrial Committee
Reflecting Stellantis’ commitment to embed CO2 issues within executive decision-making, the Industrial 
Committee was established in 2021. Notably, it provides executive bodies within Stellantis with a global 
overview of CO2 issues within industrial activities. This instance validates the mid- and long-term 
vision about CO2 emissions from industrial activities. This committee reviews all initiatives related to 
the plants to ensure that they are following the decarbonization strategy  2.6.3 .
Strategic and operational decision-making to drive climate risks and opportunities 
management across the organization
CO2 Corporate Office
In the planning division, the CO2 Corporate office is leads a global cross-functional team to drive all the 
action plans to go towards CO2 emissions reduction and carbon net zero objective.
The Executive Vice President, Planning holds direct and specific responsibility on corporate CO 2 
emission average, provides orientation for the development of new vehicles and in particular low-
carbon vehicles. The Planning division translates Stellantis' strategy into product plans and supervises 
their implementation by steering the development of vehicle and subassembly programs with the 
responsibility for their economic performance.
Several climate issues fall into the scope of the  Executive Vice President, Engineering , who 
supervises the research and development of low emission technologies.
The Executive Vice President, Purchasing and Supply Chain , is involved in reducing emissions 
from purchased goods and services since they will represent an increasing portion of the Company’s 
CO2 footprint. The division monitors the environmental performance and CO 2 emissions of suppliers 
and uses local sourcing as a way to enhance Stellantis’ CO2 performance. It also manages the logistics 
challenges on CO2 emissions.
In addition, within Purchasing and Supply Chain, a specific Raw Materials organization has been set up 
to guarantee Stellantis’ supply of raw materials, contributing to the Company’s Social & Environmental 
responsibility and driving the disruptive transition to Carbon Net Zero. 
The Executive Vice President, Manufacturing , coordinates the deployment of Stellantis 
environmental policy for manufacturing and research sites. In addition, the Executive VP manages 
an annual investment plan that targets plant operations compliance with regulatory changes, while 
mitigating pollution and environmental risks. In addition to product strategy, which emphasizes 
the development of low-carbon vehicles, the Executive Vice President Manufacturing focuses the 
Manufacturing Division on programs and actions to reduce the Company’s carbon footprint through a 
reduction of energy consumption and an increase of renewable sources.
The Executive Vice President, Customer Experience, is responsible for the Company’s Quality Policy 
and the Conformity of Production of the homologated vehicles, notably their conformity to the vehicles 
CO2 emission requirements.
The Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Transformation contributes to the Company’s 
transition to a low-carbon economy by providing the necessary skills through the attraction of talent, 
the upscaling of employees and the co-construction of the Company’s future via social dialogue with 
employees’ representatives. In addition, the Human Resources and Transformation Division has widely 
implemented teleworking and online meetings to reduce the carbon footprint linked to employees 
commuting daily from home to the workplace or travelling between Company locations. Real Estate 
assets are also managed to minimize their carbon footprint and their resilience to physical risks. This 
Executive Vice President also supervises the Audit and Compliance Department in charge of the 
Company’s risk management.
The Brand Chief Executive Officers for Free2move and Leasys , have an essential role in the 
implementation of new mobility solutions and the development of Free2move and Leasys, Stellantis’ 
mobility brands, with the ambition to make them the preferred mobility service providers for customers.
The Office of the General Counsel provides climate change-related, CO2
 regulatory updates and legal 
support to the Company’s organizations. Among other matters, it deals with GHG-related governmental 
enforcement and private litigations. The Public Affairs Department is responsible for supporting the 
Company's interactions with institutions concerning climate.
Finally, across the regions and brands, consistency on climate change is also targeted at the Top 
Executive Team level, since the Executive Vice Presidents of the Company’s geographical business 
regions or brands are in charge of implementing climate action plans in their area of responsibility and 
working to the achievement of the objectives set by the Executive Committee.
45


Page 46:
2.4.3 EMBEDDING CLIMATE ACROSS VARIOUS  
MANAGEMENT LEVELS  
TCFD.Ga
 
TCFD.Gb
 
 
GRI 102-35
 
GRI 102-36
 
GRI 103-2
 Climate risks and opportunities management is shared across the organization. Meeting the climate-
related commitments is highly strategic for Stellantis. Therefore, CO2 dedicated targets are annually set 
at various management levels and according to job perimeters (defined and reviewed during the annual 
performance review). Corresponding incentive plan are in place to foster the climate performance of 
the Company and the achievement of the set targets. Individual salary raises and bonuses are linked 
to the annual performance assessment, which can notably take into account some of the following 
carbon-related targets for certain employees.
Examples of incentives plans for the management of climate-related issues: 
Organizational Divisions Climate-related targets
All Stellantis employees eligible 
for the incentive plans
Reductions in carbon emissions principally through the growth in 
production and sales of electric vehiclesChief Executive Officer
Top Executive Team members 
Planning
Short-term CO2-related targets, on the implementation of specific 
programs aligned with the ambition to reduce average CO2 
emissions of the vehicles sold worldwide.
Vehicle project managers can have targets based on vehicle CO2 
performance.
Manufacturing Short-term CO2 reduction targets based on improved energy 
consumption and increased share of decarbonized electricity.
Energy, environment and facility managers are operationally 
involved in facilities environmental management and energy 
saving and have targets related to energy savings in terms of CO2 
emission reduction.
Purchasing & Supply Chain Short-term CO2 reduction targets based on the increase of the 
share of strategic suppliers demonstrating a CO2 trend compliant 
with the Paris Agreement and on the implementation of processes 
allowing to reduce CO2 emission of purchased parts for EVs.
These incentive plan examples demonstrate the integration of climate objectives in the compensation 
system across the organization. 
2.5 VEHICLE CO2 EMISSIONS 
GRI 3-3
SASB-410a.3
Cutting CO2 vehicles emissions is the first dimension of Stellantis’ decarbonization strategic plan.  
The levers on Well-to-Wheel CO2 emissions presented in this section support Stellantis to meet its 
objective of reducing by 50% its carbon footprint in 2030 compared to 2021, on the Company’s path to 
carbon net zero in 2038. 
2.5.1 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 3-3  GRI 305-5
Stellantis is committed to reducing its CO2 emissions in the various regions in which it operates. Stellantis’ 
strategy is to strive for compliance with CAFE and CO2 regulations worldwide, potentially leveraging 
opportunities to carry forward and carry back credits where applicable through local regulation with 
the aim of ensuring self-compliance of Stellantis without additional credit purchases from other 
manufacturers11. As they are by far the Company’s main carbon footprint component, emissions from 
use of sold products (use phase of new sold vehicles) are at the center of the Company’s carbon net 
zero objective, which was determined using a Well-to-Wheel approach. 
The main levers for the Company to reduce vehicle CO2 emissions are:
 ■ a LEV mix ramp-up, offering a wide range of BEVs and PHEVs  2.5.3.2 ;
 ■ a zero-emission fuel cell offer for LCVs, complementary to full battery models  2.5.2 ;
 ■ a BEV-centric platform strategy to be operational from 2024  2.5.3.2.1 ; 
 ■ a vertical integration strategy aiming to control the LEV value chain and its costs, to secure supply 
and quality  2.5.3.2.2 ;
 ■ the use of Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicles (“MHEV”) technologies  2.5.3.3 ;
 ■ the deployment of technical levers to improve all key aspects of energy consumption: for example, 
aerodynamics, rolling resistance and electrical consumption  2.5.3.4 ;
2.5.2 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3
Given the high stakes for Stellantis, resources are mobilized across the Company for its electrification: 
from the definition of the strategy to the sales in all regions, with the involvement of planning, 
engineering, manufacturing and supply chain divisions.
2.5.2.1 Managing vehicle CO2 emissions
Stellantis incorporates CO2 emissions management from product planning to sales. Dedicated tools have 
been put in place to provide real-time information on the current status and forecasts of CO2 emissions 
for all Stellantis brands, allowing the revision of production programs and commercial policy accordingly.
11 Outside of Stellantis brands and Stellantis JVs
46


Page 47:
2.5.2.2 Investment in innovative tech to reduce CO2 emissions of products GRI 305-5  
To limit CO 2 emissions from vehicles, Stellantis is continuing to develop efficient products by 
implementing technical solutions whose cost effectiveness is beneficial for its customers. The Company 
plans to invest more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software, while continuing to 
be one of the automotive efficiency front runners, with investment efficiency significantly better than 
industry average, calculated as total CapEx and research & development spending as a percentage of 
total revenue.
Patent strategy
Our patented inventions are a key factor in working toward these objectives and provide us with 
a strategic competitive advantage. In 2023, Stellantis filed a total of 2,438 patents applications 
(versus 1,867 in 2022) that were mainly focused on major challenges of tomorrow's mobility, notably 
the development of new powertrains to meet our customer expectations for energy transition and 
sustainable and responsible mobility: engines and transmissions for electrified vehicles, batteries, fuel 
cells and their control strategies, as well as driver assistance systems, connectivity and services; vehicle 
platforms comfort and safety equipment.
Fuel Cell: an additional asset in Stellantis’ portfolio
Stellantis has developed a Hydrogen Fuel Cell Zero Emission solution which combines the advantages 
of hydrogen fuel cells and electric battery technology in a Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle (FCEV). For mid-
sized vans, this technology offers 400 km of range (homologation pending) with refueling time of less 
than four minutes. For large vans, the addition of fuel cell technology brings range capability of up to 
500 km and refueling time of just five minutes. This solution is particularly suited to the needs of light 
commercial vehicle (LCV) customers requiring long-range, fast refueling and zero-emissions without 
compromising payload capacity. 
Stellantis has developed this technology in its Hydrogen Fuel cell Center of Competence in Rüsselsheim 
(Germany), in strategic partnership for fuel cell stacks systems with Symbio, which currently has best-
in-class capability in this technology. 
On July 28, 2023, Stellantis confirmed the acquisition of a 33.3% stake in Symbio, at parity with other 
shareholders FORVIA & Michelin.
Stellantis will have eight fuel cell hydrogen versions of mid-size and large vans produced in-house: 
Citroën ë-Jumpy and ë-Jumper, Fiat Professional E-Scudo and E-Ducato, Opel/Vauxhall Vivaro and 
Movano, and Peugeot E-Expert and E-Boxer. In-house production will start on both mid-size and large 
van offers in Hordain (France) and Gliwice (Poland), respectively 12.
More information on Hydrogen Fuel Cell is available on the corporate website 13.
12 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/october/stellantis-hordain-first-plant-in-the-world-
to-produce-hydrogen-powered-electric-and-combustion-engine-commercial-vehicles
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/july/stellantis-joins-forvia-and-michelin-as-equal-
shareholder-in-symbio-a-leading-hydrogen-company
13 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2024/january/stellantis-pro-one-expands-existing-
hydrogen-fuel-cell-offer-with-in-house-production-starting-on-mid-size-and-large-vans-in-europe
Use of alternative fuels for ICE
Alternative fuels are also a key component of Stellantis’ strategy to achieve fleet greenhouse gases 
(GHG) emission reductions, considering that the production of alternative fuels emits less CO2, which 
can compensate for tailpipe CO2 emissions.
In close collaboration with leading renewable fuel producers, Stellantis makes sure that products in the 
hand of customers will be well prepared for these fuels.
Within Stellantis, the Center of Competence Alternative Fuels (CCAF) leads the research and 
development activities and is responsible for technological, strategic and application knowhow on 
Alternative Fuels.
Alternative fuels from biological origin (Biofuels)
 ■ Ethanol flex-fuel vehicles in Brazil: Stellantis develops flex-fuel vehicles (FFV), which run on gasoline-
ethanol blends in variable proportions: in 2023, more than 600,000 Stellantis flex-fuel vehicles were 
registered in Brazil (versus 500,000 in 2022). 
 ■ Stellantis is also working to anticipate the potential increase of bio component rate like ethanol or 
Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil, in order to have vehicles that are compatible with future standards 
across many regions.
 ■ To support the development of “advanced biofuels” from non-food resources, such as biomass 
waste, non-hazardous organic waste and micro-algae, Stellantis has conducted projects such as lipid 
biofuels from micro-algae in France (PE Shamash project14) and in Brazil with the Federal University 
of Parana in Curitiba.
Alternative fuels from non-biological origin: non-fossil eFuels
eFuels are synthetic fuels produced from the combination of captured atmospheric carbon dioxide and 
hydrogen from water electrolysis with renewable electricity. In September 2023, Stellantis published 
the results of eFuel compatibility tests with Saudi Aramco, which confirmed that 24 Stellantis engine 
families in European vehicles produced since 2014 (Euro 6), representing 28 million Stellantis vehicles, 
are compatible with expected eFuel formulations without any powertrain modifications. When 
produced via a low-carbon pathway, drop-in eFuels could be a major lever to drive decarbonization 
of the existing vehicle fleet. The use of low-carbon eFuel has the potential to reduce carbon dioxide 
emissions from existing internal combustion vehicles by at least 70% on a lifecycle basis, compared 
to conventional fuels 15.
14 Production of a methyl ester from the microalgae Nannochloropsis grown in raceways on the French west coast, 
Fuel Elsevier, Fuel 153(2015)640-649
15 In the European Union, as per Directive 2023/2413, this 70% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions relative to 
fossil fuels will become a mandatory minimum for renewable fuels on non-biological origin (which include eFuels) 
to be counted towards member states’ renewable energy targets.
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/september/aramco-and-stellantis-collaboration-
indicates-efuel-compatibility-with-european-engine-families?utm_source=EN-Press%20Releases&utm_
medium=email&utm_campaign=A564_Aramco%20and%20Stellantis%20Collaboration%20Indicates%20eFuel%20
Compatibility%20with%20European%20Engine%20Families_05092023
47


Page 48:
2.5.3 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS GRI 3-3  GRI 302-5  
2.5.3.1 CO2 performances of Stellantis vehicles: a trajectory in line with the COP21 commitments
The whole Company is committed to CO 2 reduction efforts, from the Engineering Department to 
commercial network. 
A Tank-to-Wheel performance compliant with CO2 regulations GRI 2-27
Being fully compliant with regulatory requirements is an essential prerequisite for Stellantis. 
Driven by the ramp-up of electrification and technical improvements brought to conventional vehicles, 
the CO2 emissions of sold vehicles are improving year-over-year.In the last three years, in the European 
Union and United Kingdom, Stellantis has reached its Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) regulatory 
targets, both for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles without buying any external credits.
Stellantis is also planning for compliance with local regulations in all other CO 2 regulated markets, 
potentially leveraging opportunities to carry forward and carry back credits where applicable through 
local regulation with the aim of ensuring self-compliance of Stellantis without additional credit 
purchases from other manufacturers16.
Refer to  2.5.4.1  for Stellantis’ sales-weighted average fuel emissions and CO2 emissions data by region. 
Stellantis is striving to achieve a better CO2 performance year after year by:
 ■ Improving powertrain and vehicles efficiency  2.5.3.2.2   2.5.3.4 
 ■ Investing in LEV technologies, extending our LEV offer and increasing our LEV sales  2.5.3.2 .
2.5.3.2 Electrification: an ambitious plan to roll out electric and hybrid technologies 
By developing a wide offer of zero-emission electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles, and aiming to 
be one of the leading players in the LEV market, Stellantis is addressing the environmental challenges 
associated with vehicle use. Placing short-, medium- and long-term quantitative targets on the share 
of LEV sales in the total sales and on the percentage of nameplates available in a LEV version enables 
Stellantis to define and track alignment with a clear roadmap of how to attain its fleet CO2 emissions 
reduction targets. 
Stellantis electrification roadmap
Each of the Company’s 14 vehicle brands is committed to offering fully electrified solutions.
In 2023, 60% of passenger car nameplates in Europe (versus 48% in 2022) and 21% of passenger car 
and light duty truck nameplates (versus 14% in 2022) in the U.S. were available in an electrified version. 
In 2025: 
 ■ 95% of the Passenger Cars (PC) models sold by Stellantis in Europe will be offered in full electric 
(BEV) or plug-in hybrid versions (PHEV);
 ■ 81% of the Passenger Cars, Light Duty Trucks (LDT) models sold by Stellantis in the U.S. will be 
offered in electrified versions.
By 2030, Stellantis is working to pursue a BEV version of all our passenger car models sold in Europe 
and all our passenger car and light duty trucks models marketed in the U.S.
16 Outside of Stellantis brands and Stellantis JV’s
* In the U.S., the change in the percentage of electrified nameplates available in 2025 (compared to 2022 
disclosures) is due to planning adjustments delaying two model launches from late 2025 to early 2026. Another 
planning update explains why the current projection reaches 96% nameplates available in a BEV version in the U.S. 
across PC & LDT by 2030. Stellantis expects to reach 100% BEV nameplates across PC & LDT in the U.S. by 2031.
EUROPE: nameplates with electrified version (PC)
20%
10%
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
40%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
50%
30%
40%
15%
78%
56%
48%
14%
95%
77%
60%
30%
100%
100%
BEV% LEV%
BEV% LEV%
US: nameplates with electrified version (PC & LDT)*
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
10%
55%
32%
14%
81%
48%
21%
0%
100%
96%
20%
10%
40%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
50%
30%
96%96%90%91%
89%
84%
77%
68%
48


Page 49:
The table below sets forth the number of BEV / PHEV models launched by Stellantis globally  
per year.
BEV models PHEV models
2024 (planned) 17 3
2023 8 3
2022 3 6
2021 4 6
In addition, Stellantis  offers a sustainable urban mobility line-up, including Citroën AMI, AMI Cargo, Opel 
ROCKS-e and Fiat Topolino. Those urban low footprint electric devices, accessible to young drivers, are 
an additional answer to current mobility requirements, especially in cities.
Urban mobility devices included, Stellantis had 30 full-electric models available at the end of 2023.
Electrified launches in 2023
Citroën ë-C4 X Fiat 600 Jeep Avenger Maserati GT Opel Astra Opel Astra SW
Dodge Hornet Peugeot 408 Opel Astra SWPeugeot 308 Peugeot 308 SW
49


Page 50:
This electrification roadmap supports the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan objective to grow, year by 
year, the worldwide LEV sales mix and to reach in 2030 a BEV sales mix of 100% in Europe for PC and 
50% in the U.S. for PC and LDT.
Based on internal estimates, in 2023:
 ■ In Europe 3017, LEVs represented 18.5% of Stellantis passenger cars (of which 11.9% BEV), compared 
to 18.3% in 2022 (of which 11.2% BEV); and
 ■ In the U.S. 11.2% of passenger cars and light duty trucks sold by Stellantis were LEVs (compared to  
4.9% in 2022).
 ■ Stellantis’ market share for BEV light commercial vehicles was 38.8% across Europe 30.
LEV mix increase is one of our main levers on our roadmap to carbon net zero.  2.5.4.3  for Stellantis’ 
detailed sales mix by energy type. 
Stellantis’ LEV mix ramp-up is supported by:
 ■ A BEV-centric platform strategy  2.5.3.2.1 
 ■ A vertical integration strategy to master the LEV value chain  2.5.3.2.2 
 ■ A charging and energy strategy that aims to position Stellantis in the e-mobility ecosystem  2.5.3.2.4 
These three levers are consistent and intertwined. Stellantis’ strategy to gain control of the LEV value 
chain is supported by specific EV-related services from Free2move eSolutions joint venture that 
delivers charging infrastructure solutions, charging-as-a-service and advanced energy services to 
European customers. This is expected to be leveraged in the BEV-centric platform strategy, which 
means that Stellantis should have a 360-degree approach to control the performance that it delivers 
to the customers, both in terms of range, drive smoothness, quality, but also the high level of control 
of cost and supply.
START DIALOGUE WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Electrification is one of the key pillars supporting Dare Forward 2030 long term Stellantis 
strategic plan (announced March 1, 2022)
 Through a 360-degree approach, Stellantis electrification strategy includes: 
• Electrification roadmap for product line up and adaptation of our manufacturing 
facilities
• New integrated value chain covering the product life cycle  2.5.3.2.2 Mastering the LEV 
value chain 
• Development of future batteries technologies (Solid-state)  2.5.3.2.4 Battery 
technologies innovation : more energy density, faster to charge, less expensive 
• Securing raw material availability  2.5.3.2.2 Material supply 
• Wide range of services available to customers  2.5.3.2.4 An active role in contributing 
to affordable and clean mobility 
17 Europe 30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta) + Norway + Iceland + UK + Switzerland (inc. Liechtenstein)
2.5.3.2.1 The BEV-centric platform strategy of Stellantis
From 2024, sales of Stellantis’ LEV products worldwide are expected to be driven by a four-platform 
BEV-centric strategy for passenger cars: Stella Small for the A, B and C segments; Stella Medium for C 
and D segments; Stella Large for D and E segments and Stella Frame for the electrified E and F segment 
SUVs and pickup trucks. Covering the various market segments and regions where Stellantis operates, 
these BEV-centric platforms should enable high modularity with parts and technology commonality 
without any compromise on BEV performance. 
This limited number of BEV-centric platforms will ensure that the Company has a volume scale effect 
that is intended to drive the cost competitiveness and therefore the profitability of Stellantis, in order to 
compensate for electrification costs. The performance delivered by these platforms will address range 
anxiety. The Stella Small for A, B and C entry products is expected to deliver more than 500 kilometers 
of range. The Stella Medium is expected to deliver more than 700 kilometers of range. The Stella Large 
is expected to deliver more than 800 kilometers of range. On the Stella Frame, the expected range is 
800 kilometers.
Until the launch of Stellantis’ BEV-centric, existing multi-energy platforms will allow the manufacture 
of the next generation of electric vehicles.
As a result, Stellantis has the flexibility to adapt to changes in the energy mix in its various markets 
and can offer its customers a comprehensive range of technologies that meet their usage needs and 
contribute to increasingly responsible mobility.
Stellantis’ BEV-centric platform momentum
4 BEV-CENTRIC 
PLATFORMS
STLA 
SMALL
500 km 
300 miles
HIGH ENERGY 
DENSITY  
AND EFFICIENT 
BATTERIES
STLA 
MEDIUM
700 km 
440 miles
OPTIMIZED 
SEGMENTATION 
FOR FULL MARKET 
COVERAGE
STLA 
LARGE
800 km 
500 miles
CROSS SHARED 
COMPONENTS  
AND SYSTEMS
STLA 
FRAME
800 km 
500 miles
3 UNIBODY 
1 BODY ON FRAME
50


Page 51:
COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE SOFTWARE STRATEGY
The heart of the transformation to customer-centric services is the new electrical/
electronic (E/E) and software architecture. As announced on December 7, 2021 during the 
Stellantis Software Day 18, three new tech platforms (STLA Brain, STLA SmartCockpit, 
STLA AutoDrive) are targeted to be ready in 2024 and deployed, at scale, across the four 
vehicle platforms of Stellantis over the following two years. 
STLA Brain will be fully Over-the-Air (OTA) capable, with 30 modules addressed, versus 
10 today, making it highly flexible. It is a service-oriented architecture fully integrated 
with the cloud that connects electronic control units within the vehicle with the vehicle’s 
central high performing computer (HPC) via a high-speed data bus. 
It breaks today’s bond between hardware and software generations, enabling software 
developers to create and update features and services quickly without waiting for a new 
hardware launch. 
2.5.3.2.2 Mastering the LEV value chain
Stellantis is working to secure and grow its share of the added value of low-emission vehicles, 
having found a balance between partnerships with expert companies and in-house design and 
manufacturing. 
18 https://www.stellantis.com/en/investors/events/sw-day-2021
Mastering the LEV value chain 
Partnership with StellantisStellantis
Cell and Module
SOP*: upcoming
Battery Technology
Circular Economy
e-motorsRaw materials  
(Lithium, Nickel, 
Manganese...) sourcing 
securitization through 
partnerships
Services
e-DCT**
SOP*: upcoming
Battery management 
system
 
Battery Housing  
and Assembly
Reducer
E-Powertrain and Vehicle 
Energy Management 
Software
STLA BEV platform
SAMSUNG SDI
SOP* ***: upcoming
SOP* ***: upcoming
Software 
inside
With this strategy, Stellantis is targeting to control 80% of the BEV value with its joint ventures which 
is more than the share of value that the company controls for ICE (in both cases without taking into 
account raw materials).
* Start Of Production 
** For PHEV 
***  Closing subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals
51


Page 52:
Strategic move to become a leading player in battery cells and modules
Getting ready for the electric future of mobility, Stellantis intends to secure approximately 400 GWh 
of battery cell production capacity by 2030 - through gigafactories in Europe and North America and 
additional supply contracts, as battery cells are the most cost-, quality- and performance sensitive 
components of an EV.
For that purpose, the ACC joint venture was created in September 2020 to focus on the European 
market. The first ACC gigafactory is located in Billy-Berclau Douvrin (France), and started preliminary 
production in December 2023, to be followed by Kaiserslautern (Germany) and Termoli (Italy) 
in coming years. The technology used targets to offer the highest level of energy performance, 
both in terms of range and charging time and improved carbon footprint compared to current 
results. This project aims to position ACC as a major competitive player in supplying electric vehicle 
manufacturers with high-performance batteries 19.
In North America, Stellantis and Samsung SDI set up the StarPlus Energy joint venture in 2022 for the 
production of battery cells and modules. A first gigafactory, located in Kokomo, Indiana (U.S.) is targeted 
to begin production in 2025 with an annual production capacity upgraded to 33 GWh, compared to 
the initially-planned 23 GWh. In October 2023, a second gigafactory, also located in Kokomo was 
announced, targeting start of production in 2027, with an initial annual production capacity of 34 GWh. 
The total investment for both facilities is projected to be over €5.5 billion ($6.3 billion).
In 2023, Stellantis finalized the NextStar Energy joint venture with LG Energy Solution to establish 
Canada’s first large scale lithium-ion battery production plant in Windsor, Ontario. The gigafactory is 
targeted to have a battery production in excess of 45 GWh per year. The joint venture company plans 
to invest €3 ,4 billion ($5 billion CAD).
In November 2023, Stellantis announced signing with CATL a non-binding memorandum of 
understanding (MoU) for the local supply of LFP battery cells and modules to power Stellantis’ 
electric vehicle production in Europe 20.
19 Stellantis Affirms Commitment to Italy with Automotive Cells Company’s (ACC) Planned Battery Plant 
Investment: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/march/stellantis-affirms-commitment-to-
italy-with-automotive-cells-company-s-acc-planned-battery-plant-investment
Stellantis Electrification Transition in Full Swing with First ACC Battery Gigafactory Inaugurated in France
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/may/stellantis-electrification-transition-in-full-swing-
with-first-acc-battery-gigafactory-inaugurated-in-france#:~:text=As%20part%20of%20the%20Dare,the%20
United%20States%20by%202030
20 Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large Scale Lithium-
Ion Battery Production Plant in Canada: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/march/stellantis-
and-lg-energy-solution-to-invest-over-5-billion-cad-in-joint-venture-for-first-large-scale-lithium-Ion-battery-
production-plant-in-canada
Stellantis and CATL Sign Strategic MoU for the Local Supply of LFP Batteries for European Market
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/november/stellantis-and-catl-sign-strategic-mou-for-
the-local-supply-of-lfp-batteries-for-european-market
Strategic partnerships regarding e-components integration for electrified Powertrain
Stellantis has also established joint ventures with Nidec Leroy-Somer Holding and Punch Powertrain 
NV to centralize electric powertrain-related component design and manufacturing, to reduce cost and 
improve efficiency and compactness.
Emotors Joint Venture Between Nidec & Stellantis 
Stellantis formed a joint venture with Nidec Leroy-Somer Holding to develop a range of electric motors 
for electrified vehicles. Backed by €530 million in shared investment, the company headquartered in 
Carrières-sous-Poissy, just outside Paris, is dedicated to designing, developing and manufacturing 
electric powertrains. Production started in 2022 in the Trémery plant (Moselle, France) - upgraded 
through industrial investments of more than €93 million to date - and supplies PHEV and BEV vehicles 
from Stellantis, and possibly other automakers in the future. 
Punch Powertrain Stellantis e-Transmissions
Stellantis and Punch Powertrain established two joint ventures in 2020:
 ■ An e-Transmissions assembly joint venture backed by a shared investment of €82 million focused 
on producing the new generation of electrified dual-clutch transmissions (eDCTs). Available with 
48-volt and 320-volt electrical levels, the eDCT can be used for MHEV and PHEV applications. It is 
manufactured at Stellantis’ Metz (Moselle, France) plant, with an annual capacity of 600,000 units, 
supported by a €57 million industrial investment to date. A second plant in Mirafiori (Turin, Italy) was 
announced in September 2022 and is expected to start deliveries in 2024. At full production, both 
facilities together will supply all relevant Stellantis manufacturing sites in Europe.
 ■ A second joint venture for e-Transmissions - with Punch Powertrain majority control - is dedicated 
to designing, manufacturing and supplying key components that are supplied to and assembled by 
the first joint venture 21. 
Leapmotor Investment and JV
In November 2023, a new joint venture, called Leapmotor International was announced, to be created 
in 2024 with ownership by Stellantis of 51% and by Leapmotor of 49%, subject to regulatory approvals. 
Stellantis will control and consolidate the joint venture. The joint venture will have exclusive rights for 
export and sale, as well as manufacturing of Leapmotor products outside of Greater China. This joint 
venture will support the group’s electrification roadmap 22.
21 Transformation in Action: Trémery-Metz Powertrain Plants in France Support Stellantis’ Electrified Portfolio
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/june/transformation-in-action-tremery-metz-powertrain-
plants-in-france-support-stellantis-electrified-portfolio
22 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/october/stellantis-to-become-a-strategic-
shareholder-of-leapmotor-with-1-5-billion-investment-and-bolster-leapmotor-s-global-electric-vehicle-business
52


Page 53:
Industrial footprint of LEV-related activities
Electrification footprint: picture 2022>2025
Battery Cell Gigafactory
Battery Tray Process
Battery Avssembly shop
ePWT Process
Electrified Transmission
Kokomo
Windsor
Toluca
Vigo
Mangualde
Madrid
Ellesmere Port
Rennes
Zaragoza
Luton
Poissy
Douvrin
JV Tremery
Hordain
Valenciennes
Sochaux
Metz Kaiserslautern
Mirafiori
Russelsheim
Eisenarch
Cassino Termoli
Melfi
Mulhouse
Gliwice
Trnava
Tychy
Material supply
As many raw materials used for high-voltage batteries and other electric vehicles components are in 
strong demand due to the shift to electrification, Stellantis is entering into partnerships to ensure a 
stable supply of key materials for its electrified future, aiming at selecting sustainable and responsible 
processes, partners and suppliers  7.1.4 .
 ■ Lithium hydroxide:
 ● In November 2021, Stellantis signed a binding agreement with Vulcan Energy to supply battery 
grade lithium hydroxide in Europe for use in electrified vehicles and extended it in June 2022, 
to 10 years (up to 250,000 tons in total), alongside the announcement of a €50 million (A$76 
million) equity investment in Vulcan Energy Resources Limited. Vulcan’s Zero Carbon Lithium™ 
Project in the Upper Rhine Valley in Germany uses geothermal energy to produce battery-quality 
lithium hydroxide from brine without the use of fossil fuels and minimal water usage, reducing 
the generation of carbon in the battery metals supply chain. The location in Germany, near ACC’s 
European gigafactories, will allow us to reduce transport distances 23 , costs and emissions. 
23 Stellantis Expands Relationship with Vulcan Energy Becoming Shareholder in Decarbonized Lithium Company: 
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/june/stellantis-expands-relationship-with-vulcan-energy-
becoming-shareholder-in-decarbonized-lithium-company
 ● On August 17, 2023, Stellantis and Controlled Thermal Resources Holdings Inc. (CTR) announced 
an investment of over $100 million from Stellantis to advance the development of CTR’s Hell’s 
Kitchen project in California’s Imperial County, along with the supply by CTR of up to 65,000 metric 
tons per year of battery grade lithium hydroxide for use in Stellantis’ North American electrified 
vehicle production from 2027. CTR’s Hell’s Kitchen Project will recover lithium from geothermal 
brines using renewable energy and steam to produce sustainable battery grade lithium products 
in an integrated, closed-loop process 24.
Beyond lithium sourcing, Stellantis is paving its way to a secured sourcing of other raw materials:
 ■ Nickel and cobalt sulfate:
 ● In April 2023, Stellantis and Alliance Nickel Ltd (formerly GME Resources) announced the signing 
of a binding offtake agreement for the supply of 170,000 tons of nickel sulfate and 12,000 tons of 
cobalt sulfate in total over an initial five-year period 25.
 ■ On June 30, 2023, Stellantis and Kuniko Ltd announced the signing of a binding agreement securing 
a 35% future production offtake of nickel sulfate and cobalt sulfate from Kuniko’s Norwegian 
exploration projects for a term of nine years 26.
 ■ In January 2023, Stellantis and Finland-based Terrafame Ltd. announced the signing of a five-year 
supply agreement for nickel sulfate, starting in 2025. Due to its unique production technology, 
the carbon footprint of the nickel sulphate produced by Terrafame is among the smallest in the 
industry 27.
 ■ Manganese sulfate:
In January 2023, Stellantis and Element 25 Ltd announced the signing of a binding agreement for 
Element 25 to supply battery grade, high purity manganese sulfate monohydrate to Stellantis for 
use in electric vehicle battery packs. The five-year agreement calls for shipments to begin in 2026, 
for a total volume of 45,000 tons, and options to extend the supply term and volumes. Element 25 
will source the material from its Butcherbird project in Western Australia and plans to construct a 
processing facility in the United States 28. Element25 aims to reach agreed net zero carbon emission 
goals under the deal.
24 Stellantis Invests in CTR to Strengthen Low Emissions U.S. Lithium Production https://www.stellantis.com/en/
news/press-releases/2023/august/stellantis-invests-in-ctr-to-strengthen-low-emission-us-lithium-production
25 Stellantis Signs Offtake Agreement and Invests in Alliance Nickel for Battery Grade Nickel and Cobalt Sulphate 
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/april/stellantis-signs-offtake-agreement-and-invests-in-
alliance-nickel-for-battery-grade-nickel-and-cobalt-sulphate
26 Stellantis Signs Offtake Terms and Invests in Kuniko for Supply of Norwegian, Low Carbon Nickel and Cobalt 
Sulphate https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/june/stellantis-signs-offtake-terms-and-
invests-in-kuniko-for-supply-of-norwegian-low-carbon-nickel-and-cobalt-sulphate
27 Stellantis and Terrafame Agree on Low-Carbon Nickel Sulphate Supply for Electric Vehicle Batteries
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/january/stellantis-and-terrafame-agree-on-low-carbon-
nickel-sulphate-supply-for-electric-vehicle-batteries
28 Stellantis Signs Binding Agreement with Element 25 Limited for Manganese Sulphate Supply for Electric 
Vehicle Batteries https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/january/stellantis-signs-binding-
agreement-with-element-25-limited-for-manganese-sulphate-supply-for-electric-vehicle-batteries
53


Page 54:
 ■ Copper:
Copper is a strategic raw material for the future of electric mobility, and it is estimated that global 
demand for the conductive metal will triple in the coming years for all industries. In February 2023, 
Stellantis announced a €144 million ($155 million) investment in Los Azules project, located in 
Argentina. McEwen Copper plans to produce 100,000 tons per year of cathode copper at 99.9% 
purity starting in 2027. In October 2023, Stellantis made an additional investment of €112 million  
($120 million) 29. The Los Azules project will aim to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2038.
Circular Economy
In November 2023, Stellantis inaugurated its first Circular Economy Hub in Turin, Italy. Located at 
Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex, the SUSTAINera Circular Economy Hub starts up with engine, gearbox, 
and high-voltage EV battery remanufacturing, vehicle reconditioning and dismantling, with additional 
activities to be added 30.
Battery recycling
Given the importance of the battery in an electric vehicle’s environmental footprint, Stellantis is 
developing a global circular economy for high-voltage batteries from hybrid and electric vehicles, which 
includes: a re-pair strategy with 24 e-repair centers, a re-man strategy with our remanufacturing center 
in Rüsselsheim and re-use strategy with second-life projects. Engaging partnerships with recyclers is a 
way for Stellantis to secure access to secondary raw materials enabling the production of EVs. 
Battery recycling is therefore embedded in Stellantis’ ambitions for the development of a circular 
economy based on a “cradle-to-cradle” model which will play a major role in reaching our 2038 carbon 
net zero commitment.
In June 2023, Stellantis announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding to enter into 
exclusive negotiations to form a joint venture with leading metals recycler GALLOO to manage End-
of-Life Vehicles with an initial focus on France (including French Overseas), Belgium and Luxembourg, 
and then expanding across Europe in the next years 31.
In October 2023, Stellantis and Orano announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding to 
establish a joint venture for recycling End-of-Life electric vehicle batteries and scrap from gigafactories 
in Enlarged Europe and North America, strengthening Stellantis’ position in the electric-vehicle battery 
value chain by securing additional access to cobalt, nickel, and lithium necessary for electrification and 
energy transition 32  6.1.7.8 .
29 Stellantis Announces Strategic Copper Investment in Argentina, Reinforcing Commitment to Reaching Carbon 
Net Zero by 2038 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/february/stellantis-announces-
strategic-copper-investment-in-argentina-reinforcing-commitment-to-reaching-carbon-net-zero-by-2038
30 Stellantis Inaugurates its First Circular Economy Hub in Turin, Italy https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-
releases/2023/november/stellantis-inaugurates-its-first-circular-economy-hub-in-turin-italy
31 Stellantis and Galloo to Form Joint Venture for End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling https://www.stellantis.com/en/
news/press-releases/2023/june/stellantis-and-galloo-to-form-joint-venture-for-End-of-Life-vehicle-recycling
32 Stellantis and Orano Enter Electric Vehicle Battery Recycling Agreement https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/
press-releases/2023/october/stellantis-and-orano-enter-electric-vehicle-battery-recycling-agreement
2.5.3.2.3 Battery technologies innovation: more energy density,  
faster to charge, less expensive  
GRI 302-5
From 2024, Stellantis plans to base its electrification strategy on two battery technologies to offer a 
wider range of vehicles, to adapt to consumer needs and affordability constraints. These technologies 
are expected to enable energy density gains and therefore reduce the environmental footprint of the 
batteries. This dual chemistry strategy relies on:
 ■ a Nickel-free and Cobalt-free battery, that should enable an energy density between 400 and 500 
Wh/L at cell level
 ■ a Nickel-based battery with a higher energy density, between 600 and 700 Wh/L at cell level.
Stellantis is exploring further battery technologies to meet the diverse needs of its broad customer 
base in terms of range and cost and to ensure clean, safe and affordable mobility, notably:
 ■ Solid-state batteries
Since 2021, Stellantis has been a strategic investor in Factorial Energy to accelerate commercial 
production and deployment of Factorial’s solid-state battery technology 33.
 ■ Lithium-Sulfur Technology
Stellantis Ventures, the corporate venture fund of Stellantis has invested in May 2023 in Lyten, 
Inc - a Silicon Valley-based pioneer of tunable three-dimensional graphene -to accelerate the 
commercialization of Lyten 3D Graphene™ applications for the mobility industry, including the 
LytCell™ Lithium-Sulfur EV battery. Unlike traditional lithium-ion batteries, Lyten’s Lithium-Sulfur 
batteries do not use nickel, cobalt, or manganese, resulting in an estimated 60% lower carbon 
footprint than today’s best-in-class lithium-ion batteries and a pathway to achieve the EV battery 
with the lowest GWP on the global market 34.
 ■ New battery concept IBIS
Stellantis, CNRS (French National Center for Scientific Research) and Saft have unveiled the 
Intelligent Battery Integrated System (IBIS), an innovative prototype of an energy storage battery 
that integrates the inverter and charger functions while a sophisticated control system enables the 
battery to produce directly alternating current for the electric motor.
This architecture is expected to be more efficient, increase vehicle range, be more reliable and less 
costly 35. 
33 Stellantis Completes Investment Round in Factorial, Further Accelerating Electrification Push https://www.
stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/january/stellantis-completes-investment-round-in-factorial-further-
accelerating-electrification-push
34 Stellantis Invests in Lyten’s Breakthrough Lithium-Sulfur EV Battery Technology https://www.stellantis.com/en/
news/press-releases/2023/may/stellantis-invests-in-lyten-s-breakthrough-lithium-sulfur-ev-battery-technology
35 IBIS: Stellantis and Saft Reveal a Smarter, More Efficient Battery for Autos and Stationary Power https://www.
stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/july/ibis-stellantis-and-saft-reveal-a-smarter-more-efficient-battery-
for-autos-and-stationary-power
54


Page 55:
 ■ Sodium-Ion Battery Technology
In January 2024, Stellantis Ventures, the corporate venture fund of Stellantis N.V., announced its 
participation as a strategic investor in Tiamat, a France-based company that is developing and 
commercializing sodium-ion battery technology. Sodium-ion technology offers a lower cost per 
kilowatt-hour and is free of lithium and cobalt. Abundantly available sodium offers benefits in 
increased sustainability and material sovereignty 36.
2.5.3.2.4 Charging and energy strategy GRI 302-5
As the pace of mainstream EV adoption accelerates, charging has become a crucial part of user 
experience, and our customers need us to be more than just a mobility provider. With this in mind, 
Stellantis launched Free2move Charge to Make it ‘easy to Always Be Charged’ (the e-ABC promise).
Free2move Charge offers a 360-degree ecosystem of charging hardware, software and services that 
will seamlessly deliver charging and energy management to address all EV customer needs, anywhere 
and in any way, removing barriers to battery electric vehicle ownership, including charging anxiety.
Free2move Charge will address electric vehicle customer needs at home, in their business and on-the-go:
 ■ Free2move Charge Home delivers charging and energy hardware, software, installation, financing 
and warranty for private customers. Options can range from AC charging cables and wallboxes today 
to Vehicle-2-Home, Vehicle-2-Grid, and complete energy management systems with cutting-edge 
features like touch-free wireless solutions and inductive robot charging under development for 
future releases.
 ■ Free2move Charge Business offers a wide suite of charging and energy services: early-on support, 
estimation of initial and future running costs, right-sizing of charging infrastructure, installation, 
maintenance, and public charging access while on the go.
 ■ Free2move Charge GO will guarantee seamless access to an extensive curated network of public 
charging points through partners in North America and Europe, where Stellantis customers already 
have access to over 580,000 charging points across 29 European countries. Other regions are 
expected to be announced soon. In addition to access, payment, and 24-7 support, Free2move 
Charge GO will progressively launch leading features like Plug and Charge, reservations, loyalty 
programs, subscriptions, prepaid packages, single invoice/billing, as well as deliver a charge to a 
requested location when needed.
Free2move Charge will harness the power of the Stellantis Energy Cloud, a digital architecture for all 
Stellantis vehicle charging & energy data, integrating with private and public charging management 
systems, energy providers’ data sources (CO2 per KWh, etc.), and future energy solutions (solar, 
stationary storage) to provide a unique endpoint for Stellantis to build novel digital experiences for 
customers. The Stellantis Energy Cloud will empower the suite of charging and energy applications 
Stellantis is building to deliver an unparalleled charging and energy management experience to 
customers, based on their actual usage and estimating their future needs and solutions.
36 Stellantis Ventures Invests in Tiamat and Affordable Sodium-Ion Battery Technology https://www.stellantis.
com/en/news/press-releases/2024/january/stellantis-ventures-invests-in-tiamat-and-affordable-sodium-ion-
battery-technology
Additionally, to ease the customer electric mobility experience and therefore support its LEV mix ramp 
up, Stellantis is offering:
 ■ A range of connected services:
 ● Trip Planner and Charging Pass services, to plan a trip and charge worry-free at public charging 
stations
 ● Mobility Pass, to temporarily access other mobility solutions if the electric vehicle autonomy is not 
sufficient for a long trip
 ● Car Remote, to optimize charging (charging management and air conditioning preconditioning).
Free2move Charge ecosystem will be supported by Free2move eSolutions, a Stellantis joint venture, 
that will continue to develop and provide industry-leading charging hardware and software for 
Stellantis as well as non-captive customers, and work with other industry leaders to bring more EV 
charging solutions to market.
An active role in contributing to affordable and clean mobility  
Free2move eSolutions: 
With the aim at making the transition to electric mobility smoother, in January 2021 Stellantis created 
Free2move eSolutions, a joint venture with NHOA (formerly Engie EPS, a global player in energy 
storage and active also in EV fast charging infrastructure in Southern Europe), with the ambition to 
become a technological leader in the European e-mobility landscape. 
Free2move eSolutions will play a central role in the new ecosystem as a preferred partner in co-
developing and providing a complete suite of charging solutions, including hardware, software, and 
other digital & operational services to the Stellantis Charging & Energy team. These products and 
services will be delivered to Stellantis customers through Free2move Charge as a seamlessly integrated 
part of the purchasing and ownership process. 
Free2move eSolutions aims to continue developing and providing industry-leading charging hardware, 
digital and services solutions to support the Free2move Charge ecosystem in Europe and North 
America and will continue to offer to non-Stellantis customers solutions for private, business, and on-
the-go charging.
Innovative projects on charging technology 
Vehicle-to-Grid (V2G)
Stellantis, in partnership with Free2move eSolutions and with the support of the European Commission’s 
Innovation Fund, developed the Vehicle-to-Grid (V2G) DrossOne pilot project, accommodating up to 
560 electric cars in Stellantis’ Mirafiori compound in Turin (Italy). 
V2G technology enables vehicles to exchange energy with the power grid, absorbing electricity 
during times of high decarbonized production and low demand, and re-injecting it into the grid when 
demand is high and production is lower. In doing so, electric vehicles could become a tool to manage 
renewable intermittence and decarbonize electricity systems, and provide an opportunity to optimize 
the operating costs of the vehicle for owners.
55


Page 56:
Dynamic Inductive Recharging Technology for Electric Vehicles - “Arena del Futuro”
After months of testing at the “Arena del Futuro” circuit, Stellantis, together with its international project 
partners, demonstrated in Chiari, Italy, the capability of Dynamic Wireless Power Transfer (DWPT) technology 
to wirelessly recharge electric vehicles as they travel over specially equipped, dedicated road lanes. 
The pilot project is coordinated by A35 BreBeMi, a company owned by the global transportation 
infrastructure operator Aleatica that focuses on sustainable and innovative mobility solutions.
DWPT is a system of coils positioned under the asphalt that transfers energy directly to cars, trucks 
and buses without the need to stop at charging stations to refill the battery. The technology can be 
adapted for all vehicles equipped with a special “receiver” that transfers the energy incoming from the 
road infrastructure directly to the electric motor, extending the range.
The “Arena del Futuro” project shows that DWPT enables a battery electric vehicle (BEV) like the 
Fiat New 500 outfitted to test the system, to travel at typical highway speeds without consuming 
the energy stored in its battery. Tests are showing that the efficiency of the energy flowing from the 
asphalt to the vehicle is comparable to the typical efficiency of fast charging stations, so the driver 
does not need to stop to recharge. DWPT simplifies the customer experience with electric mobility, 
removing range anxiety, while supporting decarbonization and environmental sustainability.
Battery Swapping - Partnership with Ample
In December 2023, Stellantis and Ample established a partnership to leverage Ample’s Modular Battery 
Swapping Technology for use in Stellantis Electric Vehicles. The innovative battery swapping solution 
is planned to start in Europe in 2024 with Free2move’s car sharing fleet of Fiat 500e, allowing for a 
reduction in charging time to less than five minutes, and addressing customer infrastructure challenges 
such as charging time, range anxiety and battery wear 37.
Charging infrastructure development
Stellantis is contributing to the expansion of charging infrastructure by partnering with Charge Point 
Operators around the globe:
 ■ In Europe, Stellantis’ partner Atlante is developing a vast network of public Fast and Ultra-Fast 
Charging stations across Southern Europe. The network will be enabled by renewables and energy 
storage and 100% grid integrated. Atlante is also partnering with Stellantis to develop public stations 
at or next to Stellantis' dealerships, to foster the adoption of eMobility by Stellantis customers. 
Atlante has a target to install at least 5,000 fast and ultra-fast charging points (PoCs) by 2025 and 
the ambition to install at least 35,000 PoCs by 2030. 
37 Stellantis and Ample Establish Partnership to Leverage Ample’s Modular Battery Swapping Technology for 
Use in Stellantis Electric Vehicles | Stellantis (https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/december/
stellantis-and-ample-establish-partnership-to-leverage-ample-s-modular-battery-swapping-technology-for-use-
in-stellantis-electric-vehicles)
 ■ In North America, Stellantis joined forces with six other major global automakers – BMW Group, 
General Motors, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Mercedes-Benz Group to create the IONNA charging network 
joint venture that will significantly expand access to high-powered charging in North America. 
This JV is targeting to install at least 30,000 high-powered charge points in urban and highway 
locations to ensure customers can charge whenever and wherever they need with a focus on 
delivering an elevated customer experience. The network will provide reliability, high-powered 
charging capability, digital integration, appealing locations, various amenities while charging, and 
use renewable energy. The charging stations will be accessible to all EV customers, offering both 
Combined Charging System (CCS) and North American Charging Standard (NACS) connectors.  
The first stations are scheduled to open in the summer of 2024 38.
Affordable Mobility for All
Stellantis is committed to ensuring affordable e-mobility for all by developing its BEV leasing offers. 
In France, Stellantis supported the government’s dedicated BEV incentive for active citizens fulfilling 
specific income and commuting criteria named “mon leasing électrique”, which offered attractive lease 
payments with no initial down payment for the customer. Stellantis vehicles accounted for more than 
70% of the applications for this program and covered the largest model range (12 models of the 22 
eligible BEVs were Stellantis vehicles). The monthly lease rates ranged from FIAT 500e at 49 €, CITROEN 
eC3 at 54 € , PEUGEOT e208 at 99 € to OPEL Corsa electric at 94 € or Jeep Avenger at 149 € per month.
Through these attractive leasing offers across segments, Stellantis is accelerating the electrification of 
vehicle fleets and intends to continue offering affordable BEVs to customers outside this government-
sponsored program in France.
One Wallbox per BEV
Whether they live in a standalone house or in a condominium, more than 80% of French EV owners 
charge at home. To accelerate electrification, promote safe charging on quality infrastructure, and 
facilitate grid stabilization through load shifting (charging BEVs when decarbonized electricity is 
plentiful and overall grid demand low), Stellantis intends to offer an ePro wallbox to French clients 
who purchase a BEV, sent directly to their home, for free or at an attractive price. This gives clients 
greater flexibility to benefit from faster and safer charging and save on charging cost when they have 
electricity contracts with peak and off-peak tariffs.
38 https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.do?id=25672&mid=1
56


Page 57:
2.5.3.3 Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicles (MHEV) GRI 302-5
Complementary to the development of its BEV offer, Stellantis offers MHEV models. 
The mild hybrid technology recovers energy generated on braking and reuses it to accelerate, thus 
cutting down on fuel use and reducing CO2 emission by up to 15% compared to a pure ICE vehicle.
MHEV technologies are already available on several Jeep, Fiat, Alfa Romeo, Ram, Lancia and Maserati 
models for some powertrains.
Starting in 2023 on Peugeot 3008 and 5008, a new 48-volt MHEV solution using electrified Dual 
Clutch Transmission (e-DCT) gearbox, developed with Punch Powertrain, is being deployed across 
Stellantis MHEV models  2.5.3.2.2 .
2.5.3.4 Efficient vehicles: a holistic approach to design vehicles
Stellantis aims to leverage all the features of its vehicles - notably weight, aerodynamics, vehicle 
architecture, materials, electric consumption - in order to improve their efficiency and reduce energy 
consumption.
Weight reduction: the virtuous cycle
Wise choice of materials, such as using aluminum, composite materials and thermoplastics instead of 
steel when technically feasible and cost effective, contributes to reducing vehicle weight. For example, 
the current Jeep Wrangler features lightweight, high strength aluminum doors, hinges, hood, fenders 
and windshield frame, as well as a magnesium swing gate. Innovative process techniques such as heat 
stamping, laser welding, and joining structure provide further gains by helping reduce the weight of 
the car body while improving resistance to impact. 
Aerodynamics and rolling resistance
Aerodynamics and rolling resistance improvements are key for efficiency. Stellantis endeavors to 
continually optimize the performance of its vehicles through their design and the implementation of 
technical devices such as active air shutters, under body deflectors, or class A efficient tires.
Better management of onboard electricity
Reducing electricity consumption in vehicles (for example through efficient lighting) and improving 
efficiency of electricity generation (for example by using ultra-high efficiency alternators) is also 
contributing to lower energy consumption on both ICE and electric vehicles. 
CO2 technologies for efficient electric vehicles
Aerodynamic Rolling resistance Electric consumption
A+ class low rolling 
resistance tires
Aerodynamic  
rear spoiler
Aerodynamic  
wheels
Extended 
underbody panel
Eco LED lighting
Electric gearbox
Electric motor
Wheel deflector
2.5.3.5 Reducing the environmental impact of refrigerants 
European Directive 2006/40/EC gradually phases out the use of refrigerants in vehicle air conditioning 
systems that provide air conditioning in the passenger compartment, which have a global warming 
potential (GWP) of more than 150 (CO2-eq). This regulation has applied to all models on the EU and UK 
markets that weigh less than 3.5 tons since 2017. In 2023, Stellantis voluntarily extended this regulation 
application to some vehicles weighing more than 3.5 tons.
The Peugeot 508, Fiat 500 and Opel Corsa no longer use fluoride gas R134a in the EU & UK. In the US 
market, most new vehicles no longer use R134a.
In order to reduce environmental impacts, quantities of refrigerant filled in European vehicles were 
reduced, and this practice is gradually being implemented in other regions. Stellantis also carries out 
refrigerant leakage inspections in assembly plants to check the tightness of the vehicle air conditioning 
system. 
57


Page 58:
2.5.4 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS TCFD.Ma  GRI 3-3  GRI 305-3
2.5.4.1 Sales-weighted(1) average fleet fuel economy and CO2 emissions (Tank-to-Wheel)*  
SASB-410a.1
Regulated region Category Year (2) Volumes (1) Results
European Union 27 
+ Norway + Iceland 
(gCO2/km) (3)
M1 (Passenger Cars)
2023 1,877,714 104.4 gCO2/km
2022 1,828,813 105.3 gCO2/km (4)
2021 2,141,837 116.6 gCO2/km
N1 (Light Commercial 
Vehicles)
2023 483,832 170.4 gCO2/km (5)
2022 337,887 165.6 gCO2/km (4)
2021 446,429 186 gCO2/km
United States 
(mpg) (6)
Light Duty Vehicles (incl. 
Light Duty Trucks, Domestic 
& Imported Pass. cars)
2023 1,272,327 28.3 mpg
2022 1,334,618 27.1 mpg
2021 1,674,311 27.1 mpg
Brazil (MJ/km) (6) Total Stellantis
2023 686,844 1.7 MJ/km
2022 645,628 1.7MJ/km
2021 633,139 1.9 MJ/km
China (L/100km) (6) Total Stellantis  
(domestic & import)
2023 69,462 6.08 L/100km
2022 110,373 6.02 L/100km
2021 124,276 7.3 L/100km
*The estimated average electrical consumption of our BEV in 2023 is 16.7 KWh/100km in the EU (WLTP), with an 
average weight of 1,600 kg; in the U.S. (EPA), LEV average is 37.2 KWh/100km, with an average weight of 2,375 kg; 
and in China LEV average is 24.7 kWh/100 km, with an average weight of 2,490 kg.
(1) Considering registrations, shipments, productions or custom clearance according to local regulations based on 
Stellantis operational reporting tools. Results are provided without regulatory flexibilities such as eco-innovation 
gain, LEV super-credits and off-cycle technologies credits.
(2) All 2023 data is Stellantis’ best estimate based on internal data. It is subject to revisions upon reception of 
official data from regulatory bodies. Wherever available, FY 2021 and 2022 figures previously disclosed  have been 
updated with official data from regulatory bodies.
(3) The European Commission imposes standardized emission requirements on vehicles sold. Each automobile 
manufacturer must meet a specific sales-weighted fleet average target for CO2 emissions which is related to 
vehicles weight average. Results in table 2.5.4.1 are provided without eco-innovation gain, excluding Maserati 
results (which is under small volume derogation and reports separately to European authorities). Since 2021, the 
measurement is based on WLTP procedure, according to EU 2019/631 regulation. The M1 result including eco-
innovation gain is 103.1 gCO2/km in 2023.
(4) Provisional data provided by the European Commission: we expect no change in the final published result.
(5) The increase in N1 CO2/km observed in 2023 relative to 2022 is linked to the impact of EURO 6e regulation and a 
carline mix effect. Stellantis is compliant with CO2 regulation; the estimated figure reported represents a 22g margin 
versus our regulatory threshold.
(6) In the U.S., vehicle fuel efficiency is measured by fuel economy expressed in miles per gallon (mpg). An increase in 
fuel economy corresponds to an increase in vehicle efficiency and a corresponding reduction of fuel consumption 
and CO2 emissions. Each automobile manufacturer must meet a specific sales-weighted fleet average target, 
which is related to vehicles footprint average, according to U.S. Code of Federal Regulations 40 CFR 86.1818-12 
and procedure 40 CFR Part 600. Model Year results in table 2.5.4.1 are provided without air conditioning and off-
cycle technologies credits.
(7) The Brazilian regulation (Rota 2030, Law 13,755) imposes requirements on the energy consumption for vehicles 
sold. Each automobile manufacturer must meet a specific target related to vehicle weight. Results in table 2.5.4.1 
are provided without off-cycle credits.
(8) With respect to Corporate Average Fuel Consumption (CAFC) in China, each automobile manufacturer must 
meet a specific fleet average fuel consumption target related to vehicle weight. Since 2021, the measurement is 
based on WLTC cycle, according to GB 27999. Results in table 2.5.4.1 are provided without off-cycle technologies 
and LEV super-credits.
58


Page 59:
2.5.4.2 Carbon footprint breakdown
GHG protocol categories Year M tons CO2-eq Percentage
COMPANY ACTIVITIES (direct and indirect emissions) 2022
Scopes 1
2023 1.4 0.3%
2022 1.5 0.3%
2021 1.7 0.3%
Scopes 239
2023 1.7 0.4%
2022 1.9 0.5%
2021 2.2 0.4%
UPSTREAM ACTIVITIES SCOPE 3 (Indirect emissions)
Purchasing 1. Purchased goods 
and services
2023 41.4 9.0%
2022 38.8 8.6%
2021 43.5 8.3%
Upstream transport 
4. Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2023 1.4 0.3%
2022 1.4 0.3%
2021 1.2 0.2%
Work-related travels
6. Business travel
2023 0.03 0.01%
2022 0.03 0.01%
2021 0.005 0.001%
7. Employee 
Commuting*
2023 0.3 0.1%
2022
2021
39 Market-based
* In 2023, Stellantis further refined the calculation of its carbon footprint, adding employee commuting to the 
overall footprint. We have not retroactively added estimates for previous years, so this year’s total carbon 
footprint represents a wider scope relative to previous years, driven by the addition of this new minor category.
GHG protocol categories Year M tons CO2-eq Percentage
DOWNSTREAM ACTIVITIES SCOPE 3 (Indirect emissions)
Downstream transport 
9. Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2023 2.0 0.4%
2022 1.1 0.2%
2021 1.2 0.2%
Use of vehicles sold 11. Use of sold products
2023
401.5
WtT: 56.0
TtW: 345.5
87.2%
12.2%
75.0%
2022
395.5
WtT: 57.8
TtW: 337.7
87.8%
12.8%
75.0%
2021
465.6
WtT: 67.6
TtW: 398.0
88.3%
12.8%
75.5%
Vehicle maintenance 11. Use of sold products
2023 8.9 1.9%
2022 8.4 1.9%
2021 9.5 1.8%
Product End-of-Life
12. End-of-Life 
treatment of sold 
products
2023 2.1 0.5%
2022 2.0 0.4%
2021 2.3 0.5%
Total
2023 460.7
2022 450.6 
2021 527.2 
WtW= Well-to-Wheel WtT= Well-to-Tank TtW= Tank-to-Wheel
59


Page 60:
2.5.4.3 Sales mix by energy type SASB-410a.2
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa
China and India  
& Asia Pacific Stellantis Total
as a %  
of total sales
Electric (BEV)40
2023 329,684 149 827 12,853 6,153 349,666 5.6%
2022 280,361 13 1,003 3,816 2,974 288,167 4.9%
2021 202,110 251 2,005 1,973 206,339 3.1%
Plug-in Hybrid 
(PHEV)
2023 140,995 151,359 538 1,180 4,433 298,505 4.8%
2022 147,512 70,990 627 964 3,959 224,052 3.8%
2021 125,429 55,734 36 838 5,344 187,381 2.8%
LEV (BEV+PHEV)
2023 470,679 151,508 1,365 14,033 10,586 648,171 10.5%
2022 427,873 71,003 1,630 4,780 6,933 512,219 8.8%
2021 327,539 55,734 287 2,843 7,317 393,720 6.0%
Gasoline41
2023 1,391,385 1,490,766 183,830 296,821 130,390 3,493,192 56.3%
2022 1,215,381 1,567,272 224,000 215,647 171,050 3,393,350 58.0%
2021 1,466,911 1,745,378 179,434 214,651 207,478 3,813,852 57.8%
Diesel
2023 869,409 148,668 69,796 307,741 24,175 1,419,789 22.9%
2022 923,540 159,961 106,414 193,698 25,614 1,409,227 24.1%
2021 1,308,245 211,698 125,607 193,191 25,620 1,864,361 28.2%
CNG/LPG
2023 14,531 491 15,022 0.2%
2022 22,532 1,990 150 24,672 0.4%
2021 26,236 638 26,874 0.4%
Flex Fuels
2023 623,782 623,782 10.1%
2022 512,372 512,372 8.8%
2021 505,162 505,162 7.6%
TOTAL
2023 2,746,004 1,790,942 878,773 619,086 165,151 6,199,956 100%
2022 2,589,326 1,798,236 844,416 416,115 203,747 5,851,840 100%
2021 3,128,931 2,012,810 810,490 411,323 240,415 6,603,969 100%
Sales figures are “sales to customers” based on Stellantis operational reporting tools; Maserati sales are included in the markets where they are sold. 
40 Including 21,791 fully electric mobility devices (Citroën AMI and Opel ROCKS-e)
41 Including 348,823 MHEV (48V & BSG) worldwide in 2023
60


Page 61:
2.6 INDUSTRIAL AND SITES CARBON  
FOOTPRINT 
GRI 3-3
Moving forward into a carbon-efficient production system is the second dimension of Stellantis’ 
decarbonization strategy. The levers presented in this section aim to enable Stellantis to meet its Dare 
Forward 2030 42 objective of reducing its absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2025 
compared to 2021, on the path to carbon net zero in 2038. 
This chapter focuses on energy and climate-related aspects of its manufacturing facilities, offices, 
warehouses, retail operations, research and development units and other stationary operations. 
Stellantis’ environmental management system is presented in  6.3 . 
2.6.1 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY  GRI 3-3
The Industrial manufacturing division is focusing on Stellantis Environmental and Energy policy to 
contribute to a decarbonized economy by achieving net zero emissions within its activities worldwide 
(scope 1 and 2) by 2038. The policy elements are presented in  6.3.2 .
Stellantis is committed to actions that preserve the environment, by implementing initiatives that 
minimize energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants. Such initiatives include 
using alternative and renewable energy sources, supporting the purchase of energy-efficient products 
and services and designing manufacturing processes for improvements in energy performance.
The analysis of our industrial and site CO2 performance showed that the main emissions factors were:
 ■ Energy consumption in the manufacturing plants (including processes and building systems) of 
which foundries and paint shops are main contributors 
 ● The electricity source type consumed by the manufacturing plants.
Therefore, Stellantis seeks solutions in its manufacturing processes that enable reductions in energy 
consumption, with a particular focus on decreasing the use of fossil fuels. This involves an energy 
management approach that notably maps the energy performance of all manufacturing plants 
and identifies the areas in need of improvement. This also involves associated short-term capital 
expenditure to reduce energy consumption. Another lever is to increase the share of energy use that 
comes from renewable sources to further reduce its carbon footprint.
Stellantis’ ambition is to implement green electricity on a broader scale. Therefore, Stellantis has signed 
contracts in Europe and United States for the installation of Photovoltaic and Wind parks which will 
operate on-site and off-site.
42 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/march/dare-forward-2030-stellantis-blueprint-for-
cutting-edge-freedom-of-mobility
Energy efficiency will play a key role in our strategy, the main levers to manage industrial greenhouse 
gas emissions are:
 ■ Managing energy use in manufacturing activities  2.6.3 
 ■ Relying on low CO2 energy sources  2.6.3.1  attributed to:
 ● Green Electricity contracts  2.6.3.2.1 
 ● Green self-generated electricity projects  2.6.3.2.2 
In an effort to manage energy use, we are defining our joint Energy Management System which is an 
integral part of the implementation of the Stellantis Production Way (SPW)  6.3.3 . This managerial 
approach begins with an initial stage of staff involvement at all levels including the machine operator 
level, targeting the reduction of energy losses during non-production periods. The following stage 
consists of developing solutions to reduce consumption during production periods. As solutions are 
developed, best practices are shared and rolled out across the plants. Stellantis’ environmental and 
energy management policies focus on methodologies and processes related to the optimization of 
energy use. At the end of 2023, the majority of Stellantis plants were ISO 50001 certified, representing 
approximately 74% of the Company’s total energy consumption. The same percentage of consumption 
was certified in 2022. Accredited third parties certify the Company’s Energy Management System. 
This management system supports our efforts to achieve a steady and consistent reduction in the 
environmental and energy impact of manufacturing processes. 
The attainment of Stellantis’ Green Gas Emissions (GHG) reduction targets are founded on five 
fundamentals, which are already well-established:
 ■ Being mindful of regulatory compliance and transparency in relationship with administration bodies
 ■ Involving staff at all levels of the organization
 ■ Rolling out an Energy Management System at the manufacturing sites, taking into account ISO 50001 
and ISO 14001 requirements and recommending that suppliers maintain similar management systems
 ■ Implementing production methods which incorporate the best practices that have adopted low 
cost and energy efficient processes from the design stage onwards, covering various aspects of 
production (logistics, maintenance, production)
 ■ Employing shared best practices in these production methods to optimize consumption and emissions.
Main levers to reach Carbon Net Zero for scopes 1 and 2
Period
Short term 2025  ▪ Energy management in all plants
 ▪ Energy efficient projects
 ▪ Site compression and improvement of industrial footprint 
 ▪ Use and production of renewable energies
Medium term 2030
Long term 2038
 ▪ Technical innovations (e.g., Hydrogen, Power to gas)
 ▪ CO2 capture and storage
 ▪ Compensation of residual emissions
61


Page 62:
2.6.2 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3
Energy Domain 
Stellantis through its Stellantis Production Way (SPW) organization has implemented during 2022 a 
specific plan called “SPW in action”.
The purpose of the Energy Domain is to define, deploy and improve our Energy Management System: 
a system to monitor, control, and optimize the energy performance in our plants and in our buildings, 
based on continuous improvement.
Three of the most important fundamentals of the domain are:
 ■ Energy Efficiency
 ■ Renewable Energy
 ■ Energy Business Club
Energy efficiency 
We strive to keep a continuous eye on the energy consumption at the point of use machine level. 
Our strategy focuses on the elimination of energy losses to reduce energy consumption and improve 
utilization. Elimination of waste and losses will mitigate the impacts of against price volatility. In 
addition to tracking energy consumption, a primary energy Key Performance Indicator (KPI) metric is 
energy consumption per unit of production (kWh/unit).
The use of Renewable Energy is a must to achieve our CO 2 emissions target announced in Dare 
Forward 2030. The implementation of solar panels is intended to support this goal.
The Energy Business Club is a forum where plants share their best practices. We identify the performance 
gap, deliver the benchmark, ranking the best plants and support the ambitious target setting.
Stellantis sites have an identified energy manager who is dedicated to leading the sites energy 
management system. This role includes directing a cross-functional team made up of representatives 
across the different departments who assist in driving energy reduction initiatives and strategies 
across the site. Other responsibilities of the local energy teams include monitoring energy consumption, 
conducting audits, identification of potential savings opportunities and deploying energy reduction 
initiatives and projects. All facilities are supported by a corporate energy group who provides 
centralized guidance and support services to the facilities such as best practice deployment, energy 
data consolidation, KPI reporting, benchmarking and technical expertise. Local and central teams 
supporting energy management are estimated at over 220 representatives globally  2.6.3 .
Investment Initiatives
In 2023, more than €60 million versus €28 million in 2022 is invested in energy savings which is 
approximately €9.5 per vehicle produced versus €4.9 in 2022  2.6.3.4 . 
All plants have CO2 reduction targets and are required to present roadmaps to reach net zero emissions 
and present yearly progress.
The decision-making process which allows capital investments in carbon reduction projects takes 
carbon price into account as well as the alignment with the decarbonization goals.
Participation in the CO2 emission allowance scheme
European regulation system
Stellantis is part of the CO2 allowance trading plan implemented by European Directive No. 2003/87/
EC, also called the EU Emission Trading Scheme (ETS) regulation amended for combustion operations 
(heating and processes) of its largest plants and for two of its casting plants. There are 19 sites involved 
in the fourth phase of the CO2 emission allowance plan scheduled from 2021 to 2030. Price per ton of 
CO2 increased from €25 in 2019 to around €80 in 2022 and is expected to arrive at around 88 in 2023. 
Canadian regulations system 
Canadian Carbon Emissions Levy: Provincial Emissions Performance Standard (EPS).
A carbon levy program that imposes carbon costs on all fossil fuel-based energy consumption across 
Canada. 
Stellantis’ two Assembly Plants and the Casting Plant located in Ontario, Canada do not pay for a 
significant portion of their carbon emissions under an EPS program design feature intended to protect 
Emissions-Intensive and Trade-Exposed industry (EITE) and to help businesses transition to the carbon 
levy program. Unit Costs of Carbon rise every year from $20 Canadian dollars (CAD) (€13.50) in 2019 to 
$50 CAD (€36.50) per ton in 2022 to expected around $65 CAD (€44,5) per ton in 2023. The increase 
is expected to be $15 CAD (€10.3) every year (in line with the Federal program). The Ontario Provincial 
Emissions Performance System came into effect in 2022. The Emissions Performance Standard (EPS) 
will charge for Carbon emissions according to the Annual Emission Limit (AEL) which is the amount of 
allowable emissions in tons of CO2-eq per ton for each of the Automotive Facilities. AEL will be declining 
annually by 1.5% through to 2030.
EPS facilities will have to pay an increasing carbon cost for every ton of CO2-eq over the AEL. 
62


Page 63:
2.6.3 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS  GRI 3-3
Vehicle manufacturing uses energy for a wide range of industrial processes including casting, machining, 
paint curing, heat treatment, etc., as well as lighting and heating of buildings.
Stellantis has completed a thorough review of its energy consumption and energy efficiency across the 
Company. A consumption control plan was developed to map the performance of the largest plants in 
order to identify the lines of action necessary for a full overhaul of their energy patterns.
The plants continue to implement energy saving activities, based on the best practices shared between 
the two former companies. Each energy reduction project is validated based on its CO 2 impact and 
return on investment. Once validated and implemented at one of the Company’s sites, initiatives that 
prove successful are gradually rolled out to all plants. 
The actions to reduce energy consumption in production processes are described in more detail in 
 2.6.3.4 .
GAS CRISIS DUE TO THE GEOPOLITICAL SITUATION 
Due to the current geopolitical situation, the cost of energy experienced a sharp rise 
in prices during 2022. An exceptional mild winter in Europe (2022-2023) led to lower 
wholesale energy prices, but they remained high in 2023 compared to recent years. 
Continued uncertainties in Europe's gas supply have impacted the gas price projections 
for winter 2023-2024. To reduce the impact of this increase in energy costs, Stellantis has 
enforced its very aggressive consumption reduction plan that was initially introduced in 
2022. In the U.S, the energy price of natural gas in 2023 fell to near pre-COVID-19 levels.
Especially in non-productive periods (e.g. weekends and holiday periods) a rigorous 
monitoring of energy consumption was carried out in particular through comparing 
between different plants and disseminating best practices.
Beside regular energy efficiency action plans, additional actions made in recent years 
during the shutdown periods for COVID-19 crisis have been maintained and further 
implemented. 
The Energy Teams worked their way through each major energy sub-system, such as 
compressed air, chillers, heating ventilation air conditioning (HVAC), boilers, lighting and 
process systems, to gain access to information concerning the idle condition of each of 
the systems. 
The Energy Teams used specific information gateways to those systems which could be 
interrogated remotely and analyzed.
Innovation technologies to reduce carbon footprint
Many energy projects are in the study phase and some specific investments are already approved. 
For example, the installation of a new biomass boiler has been approved in Sochaux and Rennes 
(France). The Ellesmere Port plant (UK) is working towards running on solar and wind power as well as 
connecting to the HyNet North West Hydrogen Pipeline. The installation of a new wind farm has been 
approved by Stellantis in Zaragoza (Spain).
Each of our facilities has developed site specific roadmaps to address energy security and affordability 
while keeping us on track to achieve carbon net zero emissions through innovative and sustainable 
solutions. For example, we are using artificial intelligence to identify where we can gain more efficient-
energy use in lighting, heating and cooling, and other energy-related activities. 
We also activated our “Green Energy Supply” strategy and toolkit based on green innovative 
technologies (e.g., photovoltaic, wind power, battery storage, heat pumps, process electrification, 
geothermal, biomass, biogas, hydrogen and offsite-direct wire/pipe). We work collaboratively to find 
the most sustainable production processes, taking into consideration different starting points and local 
circumstances to identify and implement the most sustainable solutions.
Innovative technology toolkit
Photovoltaic Heat-pumps
Biogas / 
Biomethane
Wind
Process 
Electrification
Hydrogen
Storage
Geothermal
Direct-wire 
(off site)
Biomass
1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10
 
63


Page 64:
In the “Daring for Zero” series, involved employees present how they are delivering on this commitment 
and bringing the company closer to achieving its carbon net zero ambition. In this episode, activities 
conducted by our manufacturing sites are presented, such as Zaragoza plant, installing a photovoltaic 
park the size of 34 soccer fields to deliver more than 40% of its electricity needs 43. 
Stellantis and Vulcan Energy Resources Limited have signed a binding term sheet for the first phase 
of a multiphase project to develop new geothermal projects aimed at decarbonizing the energy mix of 
Stellantis’ Rüsselsheim industrial site in Germany and Mulhouse industrial site in France. Based upon 
current assumptions, the projects could provide a significant portion of Rüsselsheim and Mulhouse 
energy needs starting in 2026. The first phase of the project, located in the Upper Rhine Valley will 
include a pre-feasibility study for the construction of geothermal renewable energy assets for Stellantis’ 
facility, carried out by Vulcan which will also assess the potential for lithium production  2.5.3.2.2 .  
If successful, the next phase will focus on 3D seismic exploration and more advanced studies and 
development 44.
Stellantis and Vulcan will aim to produce clean electricity and supply it to the grid for both internal and 
external consumption while also producing heat to be transferred to Stellantis’ manufacturing sites.
The agreement with Vulcan Energy marks Stellantis’ first potential use of renewable geothermal 
energy to decarbonize and localize its energy supply at an industrial site. 
2.6.3.1 Main achievements on GHG emission reduction GRI 302-1  GRI 305-1  GRI 305-2  GRI 305-4
In 2023, Scope 1 emissions amounted to 1,408,882 tons of CO2-eq versus 1,526,765 tons of CO2-eq in 
2022. The scope 1 has reduced of 7.7% (versus 7% in 2022) thanks the less usage of natural gas,. Scope 
2 emissions amounted to 1,671,367 tons of CO2-eq versus 1,916,359 tons of CO2-eq in 2022. The scope 
2 has reduced of more than 12.7% thanks the reduction of electricity consumed and the increase in the 
use of renewable electricity. The CO2 emitted resulted in 3,080,249 tons of CO2-eq versus 3,443,124 tons 
of CO2-eq in 2022 and 3,874,48645 in 2021, this corresponds to 0.490 tons of CO2-eq (Scope 1 + 2) per 
vehicle produced versus 0.597 tons of CO2-eq in 2022 and 0.681 in 2021.
43 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/insights/embracing-green-energy-and-reducing-emissions
44 Vulcan and Stellantis Explore Geothermal Energy to Supply Rüsselsheim Plant https://www.stellantis.com/en/
news/press-releases/2023/january/vulcan-and-stellantis-explore-geothermal-energy-to-supply-russelsheim-plant
https://www.stellantis.com/fr/actualite/communiques-de-presse/2023/may/vulcan-et-stellantis-lancent-
un-projet-commun-de-developpement-de-l-energie-geothermique-renouvelable-pour-alimenter-le-site-de-
mulhouse
45 Revised from 2021 Annual Report in the Non-Financial Information section
The installation of photovoltaic 
in Zaragoza is equal to 
34 soccer fields
The breakdown of GHG emission is as follows:
GHG emissions: direct, indirect market-based,   
incl. from renewable sources  2023    2022    2021 
44%
42%
Scope 2 
emissions
54%
56%
Scope 1 
emissions
46%
58%
Details of Scope 1 and 2 emissions are provided in  2.6.4.1 . 
This graph shows the scopes of CO2 emissions for Stellantis facilities. 
Placing short, medium and long-term quantitative targets on the share of electricity consumed from 
renewable sources enables Stellantis to define and track alignment with a clear roadmap of how to attain 
its Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions reduction targets. The target is for the share to increase to 100% by 2030.
In 2023, the share of decarbonized electricity used by the Company amounted to 3,671 GWh versus 3,512 
GWh in 2022. The percentage of decarbonized electricity resulted in 58%of the electricity consumed 
versus 55%in 2022, overachieving the initial 2025 target to use 50% of electricity coming from renewable 
or decarbonized sources. Decarbonized electricity includes renewable electricity (1,832 GWh) representing 
29% of the total consumed electricity versus 27% (1,698 GWh) in 2022.
The overall electricity consumed represent a 43.3% of the total Stellantis energy needs  2.6.3.3 .
The share of renewable electricity comes directly from electricity suppliers.
The 1,831,849 MWh of electricity consumed from renewable sources were generated by hydropower, solar 
power, biomass and wind power and from other renewable sources such as geothermal and marine power.
A science-based roadmap for CO2 Scope 1 and 2 emissions to reach Net Zero in 2038. 
Stellantis has defined its CO2 emission reduction roadmap and targets for scopes 1 and 2 in accordance 
with Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) methodology and aligned with 1.5°C scenario. 
Having 2021 as a baseline, the target is to reduce emissions from scope 1 and 2 by 50% in 2025, 
by 75% in 2030 and reaching carbon net zero, with single digit percent compensation of residual 
emissions, by 2038.
64


Page 65:
2.6.3.2 Main initiative on GHG emission reduction  GRI 3-3  GRI 305-5
The following sections detail the initiatives that enable the majority of industrial and sites CO2 emissions reductions.
ENERGY SCHEMES TO CUT CO2 EMISSIONS
LOW CO2 ENERGY SCHEMES AVOIDED TONS OF CO2 EMISSIONS
ZERO 
EMISSION 
ENERGY
Own consumption  
of renewable energy
100% GREEN ELECTRICITY CONTRACTS
Aspern (Austria), Porto Real, Teksid Aluminum, Betim, Goiana, CMP, CMA, 
Itauna Pcma, Jaboatau de Guarapes (Brazil), Grugliasco Mould Shop (Italy), 
Kenitra (Morocco), Madrid, Vigo and Zaragoza (Spain)
 154,264 
Self-generation of 
renewable energy
SOLAR SELF-GENERATED ELECTRICITY 
Madrid (Spain), Gurun (Malaysia), Balocco and Pomigliano R&D Center, 
Cento, Pratola Serra and Mopar European headquarter in Rivalta (Italy)
 5,038  
SOLAR SELF-GENERATED HEAT
Pratola Serra (Italy)  11  
Third party 
ownership and/
or consumption 
of electricity 
generated at 
our sites
SOLAR ELECTRICITY GENERATED AT OUR SITES
Sochaux (France), Cassino and Mirafiori (Italy), Kaiserslautern, Rüsselsheim 
(Germany), Zaragoza  (Spain)
Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) signed in Mangualde (Portugal); 
Zaragoza (Spain) 
 11,765 
OTHER CO2 
EMISSION  
REDUCTION 
PLANS ON 
STELLANTIS 
SITES
WASTE HEAT FROM FOUNDRY PROCESS TRANSFERRED TO A 
NEARBY DISTRICT
Charleville-Mézières (France)
 1,937  
65


Page 66:
2.6.3.2.1 Low-carbon energy consumption
Regular electricity contracts
In 2023, the plants in Betim, Goiana, Contagem, Itauna, Jaboatão dos Guararapes, Porto Real, Teksid 
Aluminum (Brazil), Aspern (Austria), Grugliasco Mould Shop (Italy), Madrid, Vigo and Zaragoza (Spain), 
Kenitra (Morocco) sourced 100% green electricity. The 100% Green Electricity contracts led to the 
avoidance of 154,264 tons of CO2-eq. 
In order to reduce our CO 2 emissions in Ohio (U.S) Stellantis has implemented a specific nuclear-
generated electricity contract, started in June 2023, for around 250 GWh/y use at the Toledo Assembly 
Plant and Toledo Machining Plant.
In South America, Stellantis works to measure, manage and reduce the annual GHG emissions produced 
by the daily activities of the plants through an emission inventory verified by third parties. The reduction 
of emissions is the result of the combination of actions focused on energy efficiency, use of energy 
from a renewable source and substitution of fossil fuel for ethanol and electricity in motor-propulsion. 
The effort to reduce emissions gradually extends to the supply chain and dealership networks, through 
actions that seek to meet the objectives established in the Stellantis’ long-term strategic plan Dare 
Forward 2030. Stellantis was also recognized by the Brazilian GHG Protocol Program with Gold Seal for 
the completion and certification of the GHG emissions inventory.
Completing an inventory of emission sources is a key step in the roadmap to achieving Carbon Net 
Zero by 2038.
The wood furnace in the Vesoul (France) plant produced 20,665 MWh in 2023 (34,614 tons of CO2-eq) 
by burning wood packaging waste generated on site. This action reduces waste transportation and 
avoids fossil fuel emissions.
154,264 tons of CO2-eq 
avoided with 100% renewable 
electricity contracts
IMPACT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Stellantis is driving its initiatives under consideration of local circumstances to identify 
most appropriate approach. In parallel to our electrification programs, initiatives for 
decarbonization of our facilities are being developed, as illustrated in the following example:
Ellesmere Port (UK) as part of its transformation for EV production, the Ellesmere Port plant 
has undergone several key changes, including the addition of a battery assembly shop, 
upgraded general assembly and relocation of the body shop. This has contributed to a 60% 
reduction of the total site area achieving energy efficiency and productivity. At 118,000 sq.m, 
the entire plant is now a similar size to the previous body shop. A new test track has also 
been built and a new parts distribution warehouse is in its final stages of construction, ahead 
of becoming fully operational in early 2024. The plant upgrade also forms a part of Stellantis’ 
Dare Forward 2030 commitment to halve its carbon footprint by 2030 (based on 2021 data) 
and to become carbon net zero, globally, from 2038. Sustainability improvements include 
the introduction of a new, more energy efficient “4-wet” paint application processes, while a 
localized combined heat and power (CHP) plant is also being installed to generate electricity 
on-site, bringing a further reduction in emissions. As part of its ambition to become carbon 
neutral before the end of the decade, the plant is working towards running on solar and wind 
power as well as connecting to the HyNet North West Hydrogen Pipeline 46.
Stellantis has planned $3.6 billion CAD (€2.65 billion ) investment for its Canadian 
Operations to accelerate electrification plans 47.
Announcement supports company’s long-term strategic plan Dare Forward 2030: 
Windsor Assembly Plant will be transformed to support production of a new multi-
energy vehicle (MEV) architecture that will provide battery-electric capability for 
multiple models. The plant will have maximum flexibility to adjust production volumes as 
needed to meet changing market demand over the next decade.
Brampton Assembly Plant will be retooled and fully modernized, the plant will introduce 
an all-new, flexible architecture to support the Company’s electrification plans 48
Upgrades at Trémery-Metz (France) strengthen Stellantis’ powertrain manufacturing 
capabilities in battery electric, plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and hybrid vehicles, supporting 
society’s need for clean, safe, and affordable mobility and easing the transition from 
internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles to BEVs. 
Through investments in two key joint ventures at Trémery-Metz (France), Stellantis 
has deployed a vertical integration strategy designed to increase control of the global 
electrification value chain.
46 Stellantis announces start of electric vehicle production at Ellesmere Port - the UK’s first EV-only 
manufacturing plant: https://www.media.stellantis.com/uk-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-
stellantis-announces-start-of-electric-vehicle-production-at-ellesmere-port-the-uk-s-first-ev-only-
manufacturing-plant
47 Stellantis Announces $3.6 billion CAD Investment for Its Canadian Operations to Accelerate Electrification 
Plans, Secures Future of Windsor and Brampton Plants: https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.
do?id=23747&mid=1
48 Transformation in Action: Trémery-Metz Powertrain Plants in France Support Stellantis’ Electrified Portfolio: 
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/june/transformation-in-action-tremery-metz-powertrain-
plants-in-france-support-stellantis-electrified-portfolio
66


Page 67:
2.6.3.2.2 Low-carbon energy generation
Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) 
Stellantis has approved a new project supply in 2022 for renewable electricity. The relevant regulatory 
approvals were obtained in May 2023 for a renewable electricity project in Michigan (U.S.) through the 
DTE-MIGreenPower voluntary energy program with DTE Energy. The project is expected to provide 
for the supply of 400 MWp of photovoltaic electricity with reduction of CO2 emissions annually by 
approximately 670,000 tons of CO2-eq beginning in 2026 at the latest 49.
 
 400 megawatts of new solar projects in 
Michigan - enough clean energy to power 
130,000 homes annually
Onsite Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) 
Stellantis approved several PPAs contract on photovoltaic and wind to reduce the carbon footprint 
and increase the share of renewable electricity. Main installations starting between 2024 and 2025. The 
contracts were signed in France, Germany, Italy, UK, Hungary, Slovakia, Poland, Serbia, Spain, Portugal, 
Argentina and Brazil covers around 915,000 MWh, it is expected to allow avoidance of approximately 
153,000 tons of CO2-eq per year compared to the existing electricity contracts.
To increase the share of self-produced green energy, in 2021 Power Purchase Agreements were signed 
in Zaragoza, Spain (23,000 MWh/y) and at the Mangualde plant in Portugal (4,000 MWh/y). These 
contracts stipulated the installation of solar power panels on the plant premises. Electricity production 
started in 2021. Photovoltaic panels were installed with the support of the Company’s partners in 
Sochaux (France), Kaiserslautern and Rüsselsheim (Germany), Madrid and Zaragoza (Spain) plants. The 
CO2 emissions reduction is estimated at 23,327 tons of CO2-eq per year. 
The self-production of renewable electricity at the Zaragoza plant is Spain’s largest renewable self-
generation project. The photovoltaic installation, developed and executed by Prosolia Energy, consists 
of 34,800 photovoltaic modules installed over a 163,000 m2 surface. The extended project’s capacity, 
from 8.6 MW up to 16 MW, is sufficient to provide 30% of the plant’s annual electricity consumption 
and achieve an additional reduction of 2,000 tons of CO2-eq. Therefore, Stellantis Zaragoza is capable 
of generating and obtaining its own "clean" energy, increasing its competitiveness in a market of rising 
electricity prices. At the same time, it fulfills its purpose of reducing carbon emissions, avoiding more 
than 4.2 thousand tons of CO2-eq. In addition, the Zaragoza plant is certified according to ISO 50001 
standards and on the path to implementing the Stellantis Production Way sustainable efficiency model 50. 
In Mirafiori plant, a photovoltaic system was installed with a total power of 5.1 MWp in the logistic parking area 
and occupies an area of approximately 27,000 m2. The project consists of approximately 12,000 photovoltaic 
panels and is able to produce yearly approximately 6,200 MWh avoiding around 1,600 tons of CO2-eq per year.
Furthermore, an ongoing project to install photovoltaic panels in the Vigo plant should eventually enable the 
self-generation of 17% of the plant’s electricity needs. The capacity of the project is expected to reach 19 MWp in 
2023. By 2030, the plant plans to rely on green hydrogen instead of natural gas for some of its industrial processes.  
In addition deep geothermal projects are under investigation in Caen (France).
49 https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.do?id=24505&mid=1
50 Stellantis Hosts President Rebelo de Sousa at Mangualde Plant to Celebrate 60th Anniversary and Present 
Sustainable Future Projects: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/july/stellantis-hosts-president-
rebelo-de-sousa-at-mangualde-plant-to-celebrate-60th-anniversary-and-present-sustainable-future-projects
2.6.3.3 Main achievements on energy use reduction  GRI 302-4
Stellantis total energy consumption during the year amounted to 14,575 GWh versus 15,495 GWh in 2022.  
Overall, energy consumption decreased by 5.9% with a production level that increased by about 9.1%. 
This amounts to 2.3 MWh per vehicle produced versus 2.7 MWh per vehicle produced in 2022.
The breakdown of energy consumption is as follows:
Energy consumption (by source)  2023    2022    2021
(by source)
0.39%
0.90%
0.003%
0.90%
Hydrogen
Biomass  
(wood)
NG -  LPG - 
Propane
Electricity  
(not renewable 
sources)
Diesel & 
Gasoline
Electricity 
(renewable 
sources)
Steam + Cooling
0.03%
0.14%
48.37%
30.73%
1.55%
12.57%
5.89%
-
0.13%
50.80%
30.37%
-
10.96%
6.45%
Heavy fuels - 
Domestic Oil
Coke
0.09%
0.56%
-
0.11%
52.14%
33.12%
-
7.28%
6.45%
Details of energy consumption are provided in  2.6.4.2 .
This graph shows the sources of energy consumed in Stellantis facilities. This representation allows 
comparison with data from other manufacturers in the sector without casting operations.
67


Page 68:
2.6.3.4 Main initiatives on energy use reduction  GRI 302-4  
In light of the environmental challenges related to GHG emissions, despite the fact that industrial 
GHG emissions represent a relatively small portion of the vehicle’s carbon footprint throughout its 
life cycle, the Manufacturing Division continued its effort on its own strategy towards reduced energy 
consumption and a carbon free environment within a given time period.
Stellantis continues to focus on energy efficiency projects and initiatives as an integrated part of the 
CO2 decarbonization strategy.
Thanks to Stellantis Production Way (SPW) and the Energy Business Club meetings, best practices 
were shared on a global level. 
In 2023 Stellantis approved energy efficiency projects for over €60 million in line with the Company's 
ambitious Dare Forward 2030 plan. 
Significant energy and emission reduction projects are shared in the next section.
2.6.3.4.1 Energy efficiency in buildings
Temperature management
Stellantis has been heavily focused on controlling the temperature inside buildings where it operates. 
Numerous initiatives have been carried out in the production plants through the improvement of 
the control systems, the modernization and the improvement of the thermal insulation. Cumulative 
investments, in this important initiative, amounted to around €7.2million, reaching €8.3 million in 
savings and CO2-eq reductions of approximately 27,750 tons.
Some of the largest initiatives to improve temperature management include upgrades of the plant level 
energy management systems that control plant wide heating, ventilation and air-conditioning (HVAC) 
systems. System upgrades will take place at the Indiana Transmission Plant, Dundee Engine Plant 
and Warren Stamping Plant (U.S.), Etobicoke Casting Plant (Canada), Mulhouse (France) and Mirafiori 
Assembly Plant (Italy).
Insulation
 ■ Improving the insulation of our buildings support the reduction of energy losses and consumption. 
Example projects include, the structural renewal of the roof and windows at the Tychy Assembly 
Plant (Poland), the insulation of multiple areas at the Mirafiori Assembly Plant (Italy) and Windsor 
Assembly Plant (Canada). 
2.6.3.4.2 Energy efficiency in production processes 
Given that the energy consumed during the manufacturing process represents the majority of 
Stellantis' energy consumption, Stellantis focus specifically on this process for the reduction of energy 
costs and for the achievement of objectives Dare Forward 2030.
Compressed Air
Through the following investments made which overall amount to € 2.7 million we are reaching yearly 
economic savings of € 4 million and around 5,100 tons of CO2-eq.
 ■ The Trnava (Slovakia) plant optimized the compressed air system with the installation of a new 
centrifugal compressor.
 ■ In Vigo (Spain), Palomar (Argentina), Pomigliano and Melfi (Italy), Goiana, Betim (Brazil) the 
compressed air network was optimized through best practice and improvement initiatives.
 ■ In Dundee Engine Plant (US) and Eisenach (Germany) the standard pressure of the compressed air 
network was reduced.
 ■ A new variable speed compressor with heat recovery was installed in Poissy (France).
High Efficiency Motors & Variable frequency drives
Stellantis continues to invest on improving its efficiency in the usage of motors, airflow and pumping 
systems by installing variable speed drives and replacing the electrical motors with high efficiency 
motors in various plants. The cumulative investments represent about € 3.5 million reaching saving 
around € 3.2 million and saved more than 10,400 tons of CO2-eq. 
These types of investments were implemented at the Detroit Assembly Complex, Jefferson (US), Atessa 
(Italy), Betim, Goiana and Palomar (Brasil).
Process Optimization
In the field of process optimization, Stellantis has engaged in 2023 investments around € 27.7 million 
related to 59 projects around the world. More than half of the investments will be implemented in the 
painting process which represents some of the highest energy consumers in our plants. These 
investments will result in cumulative economic savings of € 28.5 million and a CO2 reduction of around 
52,800 tons.
 ■ The painting process has been simplified with less energy intensive operations in Mirafiori and 
Cassino (Italy), Mangualde (Portugal), Ellesmere Port (UK), Windsor (Canada) and Thiruvallur (India). 
A similar  upgrade of the painting process to 4 WET (a wet-in-wet concept) has been planned in 
Vigo and Zaragoza (Spain), Hordain (France), Luton (UK), Atessa (Italy), Palomar (Argentina).
 ■ The elimination of steam for the oven in the paint shop at Melfi (Italy).
 ■ Investments were made in Luton (UK), Mirafiori Assembly Plant (Italy), Cordoba (Argentina) to 
optimize the air flows in the paint shop.
Around 605 process improvement projects were completed in South America that reduced more than 
63.7 MWh of Electricity, 18.9 MWh of natural gas. Most of the energy savings from these projects were 
a result of plant process optimization and improved shutdown efforts.
 ■ The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has recognized our U.S. manufacturing plants for their efforts 
in reducing energy by 26% over 6-years (2017-2022) and 4-years ahead of a 10-year goal. The energy 
reduction impacts have been validated through the DOE Better Plants program and total 450,000 
MWh/year. The DOE Better Plants program works with leading U.S. manufacturers to set ambitious 
energy reduction goals and a commitment to reducing energy intensity by 25% over a 10-year period 
across all U.S. operations.
52,800 t CO2-eq 
saved with  process optimization
68


Page 69:
2.6.3.4.3 Company policy or behavioral change:
Real estate footprint
In 2023, the Real Estate Division continued to work on our footprint optimization for all Stellantis 
activities:
 ■ Evolution of use principles, geographical grouping of activities, maximizing use intensity, compaction 
(reduction of 1,228,905 sq.m). Collectively, these actions provided an estimate reduction of 29,047 
tons of CO2-eq. Real Estate committees integrate the environmental issues of projects into decision-
making processes including improvement of energy efficiency in the major renovation projects of our 
dealership, financial support for energy retrofits of buildings and the implementation of renewable 
energy solution.
To control the energy impact of our buildings, we have a tool to centralize the collection and monitoring 
of all our energy consumption on all our real estate worldwide. Measurement is fundamental to our 
strategy to reduce carbon emissions. The provision of this centralized and collaborative platform for 
all teams will make it possible to visualize the situation of each of its fixed assets, centralize all our 
local and transversal action plans and obviously visualize our trajectory.
 ■ Retail activities also conduct optimization of energy consumption and CO2 emissions.
 ● Carbon and energy impacts are integrated into all the phases of transformation and development 
of the network. The mutualization on single site multi brand activities or the intensification of 
the services activities on site, allows to reduce our footprint and to valorize our building by the 
renovation of our energy systems and the improvement of their control.
 ● The works for the Creation of the mobility factory on our historic site Nanterre (France) have 
started. This unique concept integrates a dealership, sales to companies’ activities, a megastore 
for used vehicles and a center for light commercial vehicles.
 ■ The reconstruction of the Nanterre Dealership activity (France) allows to group four operational sites 
into one, and then the reduction of the surface by 59%. The work, completed at the end of 2023 
allowed to demolish about 18,200 sq.m of old buildings, to build a new building of 3443 sq.m and 
finally to renovate external areas.
 ■ The environmental requirement has been defined upstream of the project: decarbonized energy 
sources and energy performance better than regulatory thresholds (-30% versus requirements of 
the French thermal regulation 2012).
 ■ The new building adopts a vegetable roof which helps improve quality of the air, reinforce the 
thermal insulation and the amount of CO2 in the air and create habitats for biodiversity. Also to 
reduce the urban heat islands, we have provided around 10,000 sq.m of green space, 1,900 sq.m of 
evergreen to limit waterproofing on ground.
 ■ In Italy, in 2023 the new Magliana dealership became a benchmark for environmental responsibility, 
with energy-efficient buildings labeled as A1, renewable energy from photovoltaic installation, 
electric paint shop, rainwater treatment, and water-recycling car wash.
Heating and cooling system are fully electric and the consumption are partially covered by PV 
installation that will provide electricity also to the charging stations available for customers. Also 
domestic hot water is powered by solar panels, meaning that this dealership operates without 
emitting any direct CO2.
The building itself showcases energy efficiency through smart insulation, LED lighting, and intelligent 
climate control, all contributing to a sustainable atmosphere not only in the showroom but also in 
the workshop. 
The Electric Paint shop at this dealership represents a departure from conventional methods. By 
utilizing cutting-edge technology and renewable energy, the paint shop ensures minimal emissions 
and eliminates gas burners.
All the rainwater of the external areas are collected, filtered and returned in the river.
Even the car wash embraces sustainability. The water recycling system is above ground and 
relocated here from another site. It will ensure that the washing water is treated, purified, and reused, 
significantly reducing water consumption. This eco-friendly practice exemplifies the dealership's 
commitment to responsible water management.
Into all the network “Stellantis Retail Division”, a strong animation is deployed to implement actions in 
order to reduce the energy consumption and the carbon intensity, based on the two following pillars: 
Energy Sobriety and Efficiency – Use of low carbon sources.
Key figures to illustrate the optimization of energy consumption and CO2 emissions in France:
 ■ 910 kWp photovoltaic installed on 3 dealership on our Iberian area for our self consumption around 
1,106 MWh/y and reduce 161 tCO2/y 
 ■ Pursuit our LED plan for all the dealership and warehouse: 340 k€ for annual saving forecast of  
479 MWh electricity
 ■ Renovation heating equipment with low carbon energy instead of gas on three dealership in France: 
an investment of 790k€ and an annual saving forecast of 373 tons of CO2-eq
In Poissy (France), Rüsselsheim (Germany), and Mirafiori (Italy), Stellantis plans to develop so called 
“grEEn-campus” for national headquarters that will serve as role models for Stellantis with low-carbon 
concept and extensive “greening” by 2025. 
The objective of the “grEEn-campus” is to renovate in an innovative and sustainable way the 
historic sites of Stellantis dedicated to automotive design, R&D and tertiary functions. The “EE” in  
grEEn-campus represents both Stellantis commitment to the Environment and the Employees: Energy 
positive to protect the Environment, as well as a mindset of constant Education to deliver a great 
Employee Experience.
Feasibility studies are ongoing to possibly extend this Green Campus development to other Stellantis 
historical main footprints.
The redesign of the historic buildings, in combination with all other initiatives undertaken by Stellantis, 
contributes to the goal of becoming a carbon net zero corporation, all scopes included, by 2038, with 
single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Once open, the renovated office 
buildings will be energy positive. In addition, renovated and existing buildings aim to be carbon  
neutral in use. 
69


Page 70:
These buildings will offer breakthrough energy and thermal performance through the:
 ■ Integration of photovoltaic panels into the architecture
 ■ Use of ultra-low-energy ventilation technology
 ■ Reuse of materials aArchitectural choices to ensure environmental efficiency, resilience, and adaptability 
to climate evolution
 ■ Generous green spaces, contributing to thermal regulation and human well-being.
The initiatives implemented by Stellantis in 2023 resulted in an emission reduction in scope 1 and 
scope 2 for more than 120,000 tons of CO2-eq (versus 123,000 tons of CO2-eq in 2022) equals to  
19.07 kg of CO2-eq/vehicle produced (versus 21.4 kg in 2022).
The actions to control energy consumption led to savings of approximately €60 million (versus  
€28 million in 2022). These figures are included in the vehicle production costs and affect the Stellantis’ 
overall economic performance. 
Average plant energy spending and (electricity and gas) consumption
Electricity Compressors (10%)
Boiler (25%)
Gas
Paint (50%)
Chilled water
Building (31%)
Body (10%)
Assembly (6%)
Press (3%)
Lighthing
Pumps
Booth
Ventilation
Ovens
70


Page 71:
2.6.4 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS TCFD.Ma  GRI 3-3
2.6.4.1 Greenhouse gas emissions  GRI 302-3  GRI 305-1  GRI 305-2
(unit: tons of 
CO2-eq) Year
Direct GHG 
emissions 
in CO2-eq 
(scope 1)*
Direct GHG 
emissions 
from biomass 
(CO2-eq)*
Indirect GHG 
emissions 
in CO2-eq 
(scope 2)
Total GHG 
emissions 
(scope 1 + 
scope 2)
Total as 
%
Enlarged Europe
2023 619,777 34,614 731,129 1,350,906 46%
2022 641,093 6,653 754,345 1,395,438 41%
2021 764,309 5,596 959,555 1,723,864 44%
North America
2023 629,881 854,150 1,484,031 50%
2022 732,617 1,050,058 1,782,675 52%
2021 760,484 1,163,882 1,924,366 50%
South America
2023 66,368 23,192 89,560 3%
2022 62,750 42,751 105,501 3%
2021 65,160 36,902 102,062 3%
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 6,737 15,101 21,838 0.7%
2022 5,241 21,885 27,126 1%
2021 6,299 20,596 26,895 1%
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 1,847 9,384 11,231 0.4%
2022 2,305 6,614 8,919 -%
2021 647 647 -%
Total 
Manufacturing
2023 1,324,610 34,614 1,632,956 2,957,566 96%
2022 1,444,006 6653 1,875,653 3,319,659 96%
2021 1,596,899 5596 2,180,935 3,777,834 98%
Retail 
2023 41,212 38,411 79,623 3%
2022 49,517 40,706 90,223 3%
2021 44,129 52,524 96,652 2%
Fugitive Emissions 
from F-Gas/ODS
2023 43,060 43,060 1%
2022 33,242 33,242 1%
2021
TOTAL
2023 1,408,882 34,614 1,671,367 3,080,249
2022 1,526,765 6,653 1,916,359 3,443,124
2021 1,641,028 5,596 2,233,459 3,874,486*
Note: Direct emissions are calculated based on the direct energy consumption by applying emission factors 
acknowledged by the  GHG Protocol recommendations and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). 
Changes in emission levels are thus directly related to changes in energy consumption and in energy sources.
*Greenhouse gas emissions from the combustion of biomass are not included in direct emissions in accordance 
with the GHG Protocol guidelines. Direct GHG emissions expressed in tons of CO2-eq are calculated by applying 
coefficients (global warming potential) of 298 for N2O and 21 for CH4 (source: IPCC reports, 2007 and 1995 
respectively). Indirect (scope 2) emissions expressed in tons CO2-eq. are calculated from electricity and steam 
purchases in compliance with emission factors obtained from suppliers for steam, based on the previous year’s 
electricity factors, according to GHG Protocol Market-based guidelines. Location-based indirect (scope 2) emissions 
amounted to 1,997,962 tons of CO2-eq. Fugitive emissions of CO2 disclosed result to unintentional releases during 
the use of refrigeration and air conditioning equipment.
The data provided above has taken into account all emissions from all Stellantis industrial facilities 
including direct emissions from four cogeneration plants and has been calculated based on GHG 
Protocol standards.
The Company uses energy produced by cogeneration plants managed by two different approaches. 
In Melfi Assembly Plant, Melfi Plastic, Cassino and Atessa (Italy), Sochaux, Rennes, Mulhouse and 
Hordain (France) plants have signed contracts with external suppliers which provide electricity, 
steam and hot water used in paint shop process. Three other cogeneration plants produce electricity 
and steam from gas. The energy produced is partly used in the plant, but a large part is also sold to 
other facilities or to external customers. The amount of gas used is 683,992 MWh HHV to produce 
231,938 MWh of electricity and 233,027 MWh of steam. Electricity generated by cogenerations 
operated in Rüsselsheim and Eisenach has a lower CO2-eq content than the national electricity mix 
from the grid and therefore contributes to CO2-eq reduction. These scope 1 emissions of the energy 
sold increase the reported absolute emissions even though they were not caused by the production. 
The CO2-eq from energy sold to external customers represents 88,640 tons in 2023.
2.6.4.2 Breakdown of energy consumption from operations GRI 302-1
Reported energy consumption is expressed in MWh (the most common unit of measurement). In 
terms of method, the use of calorific values is recommended by the French decree of October 31, 2012 
as part of the application of European regulation No. 601/2012 on the monitoring and declaration 
of greenhouse gas emissions under Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and Council. 
The coefficients proposed by these two regulations are derived from the work of the IPCC, as are 
those of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, used as a reference by the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI). Following this approach, values expressed in MWh can be converted to GJ simply by applying 
a multiplying factor of 3.6 (1 Wh = 3.6 kJ).
71


Page 72:
Breakdown of energy consumption from operations
(MWh) Year
Combustible energy Non-combustible energy
Total  
energy 
consumption
Total energy 
consumption 
as %
Non-renewable Renewable
Electricity
Renewable 
electricity/heat 
produced and 
consumed
Of which 
decarbonized 
electricity
Share of 
decarbonized 
electricity (%)
Steam & 
Cooling
Heavy fuels + 
Domestic oil
NG + LPG + 
Propane51 Coke
Diesel + 
Gasoline Hydrogen
Biomass 
(wood)
Enlarged Europe
2023  9,942 3,023,737 81,226 167,930 20,665 3,194,841 6,319 2,306,750 72% 857,064 7,361,724 51%
2022 53,949 3,307,277 78,263 20,087 2,995,071 4,525 2,160,240 72% 996,109 7,455,281 48%
2021 561 3,928,611 76,121 16,895 2,985,282 1,759,576 59% 1,034,074 8,041,544 50%
North America 
2023  3,404,870 48,686 3,957  2,379,534 807,993 34% 5,837,047 40%
2022 - 3,929,455 61,570 - 2,670,931 - 999,720 37% - 6,661,956 43%
2021 4,063,762 68,883 2,742,931 1,001,723 37% 6,875,576 43%
South America 
2023  356,250 7,211 541,659 461,688 85% 905,120 6%
2022 3,645 328,560 - - 556,005 - 272,819 49% 888,210 6%
2021 343,766 589,166 156,048 26% 932,932 6%
Middle East & 
Africa 
2023 34,638 1,752 41,459 6,697 16% 77,849 1%
2022 - 28,945 - - 36,315 - 6,576 18% - 65,260 0.4%
2021 34,699 34,315 6,217 18% 69,014 0.5%
China and India & 
Asia Pacific 
2023 329  6,794 723 31,254 2,347 19,109 69% 890 42,337 0.3%
2022 682 1,328 - - 15,148 - 4,982 33% 1,371 18,529 0.1%
2021 1,509 9,937 5,455 55% 11,446
Total 
Manufacturing 
2023 10,271 6,826,289 81,226 226,302 3,957 20,665 6,188,747 8,666 3,602,237 58% 857,954  14,224,07 98%
2022 58,276 7,595,565 139,833 20,087 6,273,470 4,525 3,444,337 55% 997,480 15,089,236 97%
2021 561 8,372,347 145,004 16,895 6,361,631 2,929,019 46% 1,034,074 15,930,512 99%
Retail 
2023  2,431 224,058 2.2 122,731 1,041 68,656 57% 786 351,049 2%
2022 2,696 269,737 - - 131,257 1,230 67,503 52% 735 405,655 3%
2021 253 126,519 11,053 9% 925 127,697 1%
TOTAL
2023 12,702 7,050,347 81,226 226,304 3,957 20,665 6,311,478 9,707 3,670,893 58% 858,740 14,575,126
2022 60,972 7,865,302 139,833 20,087 6,404,727 5,755 3,511,840 55% 998,215 15,494,891
2021 561 8,372,600 145,004 16,895 6,488,150 2,940,072 45% 1,034,999 16,058,210*
In 2023 1,831,849 MWh of electricity consumed were generated from renewable sources.
* Revised from 2021 Annual Report in the Non-Financial Information section
51 Natural Gas is reported at the High Heating Value (HHV)
72


Page 73:
2.7 CARBON FOOTPRINT OF THE SUPPLY  
CHAIN: PURCHASING AND LOGISTICS  
GRI 305-3
 
Improving the environmental performance of  the supply c hain is the third dimension of Stellantis’ 
decarbonization strategy. The levers presented in this Chapter aim at supporting Stellantis to meet its 
objective of reaching carbon net zero with single-digit % of compensation over its entire supply chain 
in 2038.
Stellantis’ responsible purchasing practices are presented in  7.1 . This chapter focuses on environmental 
and climate-related aspects. 
2.7.1 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 3-3  
Reducing Stellantis’s carbon footprint includes actions to reduce the CO2 emissions related to:
 ■ purchasing, as the extraction of materials and the production of parts represent the second largest 
source of Stellantis’ CO2 emissions  2.7.3.1   2.7.3.2   2.7.3.3 ;
 ■ logistics, which represents a small portion of the carbon footprint of Stellantis  2.7.3.4 .
In line with Dare Forward strategy, Stellantis Global Purchasing and Supply Chain has defined a target 
to reduce the carbon footprint of scope 3 upstream activities by -40% for electric vehicles compared to 
2021 by 2030 and to reach carbon net zero with minimal compensation by 2038.
Stellantis has established a specific CO2 requirement in its Global Responsible Purchasing Guidelines 
and has included the CO2 performance as a criterion in its business award policy for the most intensive 
CO2-emitting commodities that represent 80% of the CO2 footprint of BEVs.
Purchasing
Suppliers to Stellantis are deeply involved in Stellantis’s approach to reducing CO 2 emissions in the 
supply chain, including the emissions generated for the production of goods and services purchased 
by Stellantis. Our strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the entire supply chain consists of:
 ■ selecting suppliers according to environmental criteria such as the ISO 14001 certification, or their 
capacity to develop products which incorporate green or recycled materials. As of December 31, 2023, 
63% of direct material suppliers are certified ISO 14001 (compared to 61% in 2022).
 ■ requesting Stellantis suppliers with major annual purchase value to share their carbon neutrality road 
map to ensure they can support Stellantis’ carbon neutrality target. Stellantis has invited in 2023 
422 suppliers (major annual purchase value and priority commodities suppliers) to participate in the 
Stellantis CDP Supply Chain module. CDP is an organization which supports companies with the 
disclosure of environmental impacts. It aims at making environmental reporting and risk management 
a business norm while driving disclosure, insight and action towards a sustainable economy.
Stellantis’ climate change objectives are translated into contractual commitments via specifications 
and purchasing policies according to two different criteria: CO2 emissions reduction and the type of 
materials used.
63% 
of direct material suppliers 
ISO 14001 certified
 ■ Regarding CO2 emissions linked to Stellantis’s purchases from suppliers, Stellantis Global Purchasing 
& Supply Chain division challenges the suppliers to establish and work according to an emission 
reduction plan at least compliant with the Paris Agreement and to be aligned with Stellantis climate 
ambitions. In 2023, 52% of Stellantis’s suppliers set up a reporting process for energy consumption 
or greenhouse gas emissions (versus 51% in 2022). Stellantis is placing particular emphasis on CO2 
emissions linked to specific commodities covering around 80% of the CO2 emission footprint of the 
supply chain.
 ■ Ambitious targets have been set on the percentage of “green/recyclable materials”. These objectives 
are also a key focus of the innovation policy that is part of Stellantis’s supplier certification  
criteria  7.1.5 . Furthermore, suppliers also have a key role to play in our commitments on reducing 
hazardous substances  6.1 .
In addition, Stellantis' No-Deforestation requirement to suppliers is incorporated into Stellantis 
Responsible Purchasing Guidelines available on the corporate website. Stellantis engages its suppliers 
globally to set out appropriate monitoring, traceability and action plans related to efforts to avoid 
deforestation.
Logistics
Stellantis’ logistics operations policy
A specific policy is defined to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from logistics and identify areas 
of improvement and actions needed. 
The logistics operations are handled by a variety of external operators, depending on the origin and 
destination of the goods. Stellantis has adopted internal logistics guidelines that provide direction on 
how to reduce logistics carbon footprint including methodologies to reduce the impact of freight and 
vehicle movement. 
Stellantis' logistics approach focuses on the:
 ■ optimization of logistics flows regarding network, mode and capacity, in addition to the adoption of 
low-emission transport vehicles in its own fleets, to improve performance and minimize impacts on 
the environment by: 
 ● exploring and prioritizing alternatives to road transport in order to  increase the use of rail and 
river transport requesting contractors to comply with applicable legislation and regulations. 
 ● requirement to suppliers for the use of recyclable or reusable packaging raw materials for new 
projects vehicles in Europe.
Employee travel policy
Stellantis undertakes policies to optimize employee mobility and reduce CO 2 emissions related to 
business travel. This encourages a more frugal approach to travel and supports alternatives to 
traditional individual transport. The Company is committed to limit travel to what is strictly necessary. 
The Company also focuses on the promotion of remote working, which reduces commuting.
73


Page 74:
2.7.2 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3
Purchasing
Monitoring CO2 emissions and GHG emissions of Stellantis supply chain is a major aspect of Stellantis 
responsible purchasing practices. It requires various internal and external resources and is deeply 
embedded in the management and tracking tools for CSR as well as the decision-making process.  
 7.1.6  to learn more about the allocated resources on responsible purchasing practices and  7.1.4  for 
the governance and organizational set-up of CSR management inside Stellantis Global Purchasing and 
Supply Chain Department (GPSC).
Stellantis has implemented CO 2 performance as a criteria for sourcing decisions regarding priority 
commodities. Stellantis is also utilizing the CDP Supply Chain module as CDP is the most recognized 
global carbon accounting initiative and has the biggest network and impact. This initiative promotes 
awareness among suppliers of their impact on the climate, particularly regarding GHG emissions and 
provides detailed information on the suppliers’ level of emissions as well as reduction targets and 
commitments  2.7.3   2.7.4 .
Furthermore, greenhouse gas emissions and CO 2 emissions are major subjects discussed within 
collaborative groups, where Stellantis is a partner, as well as in various other automotive industry 
groups in multiple countries. Refer to the Purchasing CSR Resources Matrix in  7.1.6 , for more 
information on Stellantis participation in CSR related working groups and associations.
Logistics
A specific environmental network of 10 logistic correspondents in the Supply Chain Department in each 
of the 6 regions has to focus on the reduction of the logistics carbon impact. Europe and South America 
are pilots quarterly monitored (to be extended to other regions). The previous CO2 Business Club has 
been enlarged to a more opened network CO2 Community with all new stakeholders embedded on the 
subject as Network Design and IT, with the target to:
 ■ share the knowledge and methodological evolutions
 ■ improve the way of measuring logistics CO2 emissions and waste impacts 
 ■ analyze those impacts
 ■ set up process evolutions and monitor activities to reduce emissions and waste quality impact. 
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
The increase of Low Emission Vehicles (LEVs) strategy has two impacts on Stellantis 
logistics. The first one is on the sourcing of LEVs’ components, which comes with an 
increase of the upstream distances. The solution to this impact is the creation of battery 
gigafactories close to Stellantis plants already announced by Stellantis. The second 
impact is the increase of the LEVs weight, which brings a strong constraint on our trucks 
capacity thus affecting our loading rate on our downstream flow.
2.7.3 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS GRI 302-2  GRI 305-4
2.7.3.1 Initiatives to support the electrification strategy
Over the next years Stellantis intends to expand the electrification plan across all products and all 
regions. Stellantis wants to ensure the availability of LEV products for customers; that means securing 
batteries and raw material supply. 
Working with suppliers that are best in class on environmental criteria enables Stellantis to run 25 joint 
innovation projects in 2023 with suppliers (9 new projects and 16 carry-over from 2022) to identify 
and develop technologies that reduce CO2 emissions of the vehicles as well as in the production of 
parts. In order to secure the supply of critical materials needed to produce LEVs, it is necessary to 
have supporting contracts and relationships with Stellantis supply chain to procure the needed raw 
materials which will also reinforce the strategy for emissions reduction.  2.5.3.2.2  for more details 
related to the binding agreement.
In addition, Stellantis’ electrification strategy relies on battery repair and reuse, which could contribute 
to reducing CO2 emissions from the raw materials and parts supply chain by decreasing the quantity of 
materials that needs to be purchased  6.1.7.6 .
2.7.3.2 Initiatives related to steel supply
The reduction of CO 2 related to Steel is one of the key levers to reach 2030 targets and Stellantis 
roadmap is fully aligned with this commitment.
Stellantis drives 2 main initiatives enhanced by strong partnerships with suppliers:
 ■ Already up to 30% of the steel used by Stellantis comes from scraps 
 ■ Target to increase the use of decarbonized Energy in the Steel production process
Stellantis is also working on the vehicle weight reduction through: 
 ■ High performance steels (around -5%), 
 ■ Platform architecture optimizations and structural glue utilization to better absorb the energy 
(around -10%)
 ■ Stellantis Engineering teams also drive the vehicle weight reduction through new programs for all 
its 14 Brands. 
2.7.3.3 Suppliers make a significant contribution to Stellantis’  
environmental targets  
GRI 305-5
 
GRI 308-2
Most suppliers in the automotive industry face the same environmental issues as Stellantis, which 
pushes them to reduce their carbon footprint and water consumption, managing their industrial waste, 
improving waste recycling and protecting biodiversity. Stellantis involves them in the efforts to monitor 
our environmental roadmap.
74


Page 75:
At this time the manufacturing of BEVs is more CO 2 intensive than the manufacturing of ICEVs, 
principally due to the production of the battery. Moreover, EV manufacturing uses more aluminum 
to reduce vehicle weight and therefore optimize their energy efficiency and their range. As a result, 
electrification, although it reduces significantly CO2 emissions from the use of sold products, could lead 
to an increase in Stellantis’ CO2 emissions from the purchases of materials and parts.
In 2023, CO 2 emissions linked to purchases of materials and components correspond to 9.0% of 
Stellantis carbon footprint (versus 8.6% in 2022)  2.5.4 .
Efforts carried out by Stellantis to integrate suppliers into our CO2 emissions reduction ambitions are 
based on:
 ■ the integration of climate change in the supplier evaluation: as part of its responsible purchasing 
strategy, presented in  7.1.5 , Stellantis assesses the supply base also on environmental criteria 
annually via the EcoVadis process. In 2023, the average environmental score in EcoVadis of Stellantis 
suppliers was 56.2 outperforming the average score of all suppliers assessed by EcoVadis, that was  
46.1. In 2023, 3,461 supplier groups were assessed, corresponding to more than 89% of the Annual 
Purchased Value. In case of insufficient performance or nonconformities, suppliers are requested to 
prove their actions in Corrective Action Plans, that get shared with Stellantis and monitored.
 ■ In 2023 the integration of CO 2-eq performance in the supplier selection is effective for priority 
commodities. For new BEV projects we have targeted 70 commodities as GWP priority commodities, 
counting for 80% of the CO2-eq footprint of a standard electric vehicle. 
 ■ Stellantis strives to integrate its suppliers in its decarbonization strategy, notably by encouraging 
them to set greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets compliant with the Paris Agreement.  
In 2023, more than 75% of our targeted suppliers had defined such trajectories (based on annual 
purchase value) versus more than 65% in 2022 and 55% in 2021. The Company has established a 
specific CO2 requirement in its sustainable policy guidelines. and has included CO2 performance as a 
criterion in its business award policy for the most intensive CO2 emitting commodities that represent 
80% of the CO2 footprint of the supply chain. The share is then expected to increase to 95% by 2030 
and to contribute to the carbon net zero with single-digit % of compensation objectives in 2038.
On new BEV programs
70 priority commodities 
with CO2-eq performance integrated 
in the supplier selection
In addition, Stellantis’ electrification strategy relies on battery repair and reuse, which could contribute 
to reducing CO2 emissions from the raw materials and parts supply chain by decreasing the quantity 
of materials that needs to be purchased.
 ■ the collaboration of all major suppliers in the Stellantis CDP Supply Chain program. To promote 
and closely monitor awareness among suppliers of their impact on climate change, 422 suppliers 
have been invited to participate to the program in 2023. Refer to the details on the survey in  2.7.4 
. This program allows for a deeper understanding of several aspects including: the management, the 
targets and the results of individual CO2 emissions of all major CO2 emitting suppliers of Stellantis.
 ■ the deployment of an engagement campaign to educate suppliers about climate change : 
Stellantis considers all suppliers as partners which play a key role to reduce carbon emissions in 
the supply chain. Therefore, various ways of dialogue and training opportunities are offered to the 
supply base for CSR related matters, in particular on CO2 emissions and GHG.  7.1.7  to learn about 
all the details regarding CSR trainings that Stellantis offers for suppliers.
 ■ Maintaining dialogue with key suppliers: The company intensifies the dialogue on CO2 with its 
key suppliers and key partners during annual business reviews with the biggest CO2 contributors in 
the supply chain.  7.1.7  to learn more about the supplier business reviews. 
 ■ Organizing annual supplier awards event : Our very top Suppliers having a leading CSR 
Performance are annually recognized by our GPSC Top Leadership in the CSR category of our supplier 
award. The requirements and criteria for this award includes a strong CO2 Performance, overall CSR 
Policy and Achievements.  7.1.7  to learn more about the annual supplier awards event. In 2023 the 
CSR Award winner was Pirelli.
2.7.3.4 Reducing the carbon impact of logistics operations and travel 
Stellantis is a global vehicle manufacturer and therefore manages thousands of flows on a daily basis, 
from sourcing supplies for its plants to delivering vehicles and spare parts to its clients. Stellantis’ 
logistics operations are part of the scope 3 emission category52. 
Stellantis is working to define an ambitious trajectory for the carbon footprint of logistics operations 
that would be compliant with the Paris Agreement.
52 Since they represent a minor portion of the logistics flows, internal logistics emissions are included in the scope 3 
disclosure.
75


Page 76:
2.7.3.4.1 Reducing the carbon impact of logistics operations
Logistic flows
PHYSICAL FLOW
UPSTREAM FLOW DOWNSTREAM FLOW
SPARE PARTS
Upstream
Downstream
Spare parts
Information flow
Supplier 
Tier 1
Stellantis 
foundry sites
Stellantis  
engine and 
transmission sites
Storage 
warehouses
Independent dealership 
network
Integrated dealership 
network
End customer
Stellantis 
assembly plant 
sites
Country vehicle 
parks
Planning 
process
Forecasts  
and orders
Supplier 
Tier 1
76


Page 77:
Actions undertaken by Stellantis
Below the mains actions and levers that have been identified and worked on: 
The deployment of the new standard of “Design to log” allows to reduce the volumes transported 
(significant target over 10% given to new projects in replacement compared to the previous car). 
A new process has been put in place not only to reuse sustainable packaging but also to optimize the 
different usages of packaging for different types of specific flows.
The rules given to the suppliers to take into account the new standards of packaging definitions have 
been updated and released with best practices to ensure the separability of raw materials, better reuse 
and recovery in the new projects. Only the North America region keep its previous standard based on 
voluntary common rules put into place by U.S. OEMs.
The development of an internal tool to simulate our transportation impact in terms of CO2-eq allows to 
balance between different solutions with the Network Design team to study the new proposals from 
our logistic providers. The tool is in testing phase in Europe and has been deployed in other regions to 
customize it.
In our transportation bid calls, the possibilities of modal shift are given priority consideration. In 2024, 
new routes will be used for the distribution of our vehicles by train from the Sochaux and Sevelnord 
factories. Other business cases are currently under consideration.
A distance-based methodology validation of the CO2 reporting approach in SA, NA, IAP, EE Aftersales 
and Outbound to align in a future common tool. For EE Inbound we still have some different pathway 
linked to the two different TMS in place in Europe and the continuous improvement on data accuracy 
and assumptions to be taken into account for the CO2 reporting. Some Interregional flows are still 
under CEVA (Gefco) 3PL management. 
2.7.4 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  
TCFD.Ma
  
GRI 302-2
 
GRI 305-4
2.7.4.1 Supply chain operational KPIs 
Supplier status committing to the COP 21 Paris Agreement 
Year
Number of suppliers 
2023 49
2022 45
2021 38
APV of level 1, level 2 
suppliers
2023 >75%
2022 69%
2021 >55%
Involvement and results of our suppliers in our CDP supplier program 
Year
Supplier invited
2023 422 87% of APV
2022 250 83% of APV
2021 249 84% of APV
Suppliers responded
2023 302 95% of APV invited
2022 212 97% of APV invited
2021 208 95% of APV invited
Supplier Response Rate
2023 72%
2022 85%
2021 84%
Average score
2023 C
2022 C
2021 C
(*) = APV = annual purchase value
In 2023, Stellantis has significantly increased the number of suppliers invited to the program , especially small APV 
suppliers concerned by priority commodities. 90 additional suppliers answered in 2023.
2.7.4.2 Summary of greenhouse gas emissions per type of shipment (scope: world, 
excluding JVs)
This report covers transport flows under direct Stellantis responsibility from Well-to-Wheel as defined 
by the Global Logistic Emission Council framework to meet GHG Protocol scope 3 logistic requirements.
Energy consumption is determined for each traffic flow and by mode of transport by using an emission 
factor corresponding to this energy (fuel) and type of goods transported (when available). The scope 
for downstream distribution includes capillary flows to the dealers.
When CO2 emission are not provided by the logistic providers, CO2-eq emissions are calculated by Mean 
of Transport category (road, rail, sea, air) using regional intensity factors combined with either weight 
and distance or fuel consumption and distance.
In 2023, data accuracy has been improved with the following main evolutions: 
 ■ North America emissions: data is now provided in CO2-eq with the inclusion of other GHG emissions 
to align with other regions. 
 ■ Europe and Middle East Africa Outbound: whole new vehicle activities are now assessed using 
recorded movements instead of extrapolation; intensity factors for road has been aligned to 195g of 
CO2-eq per ton.km applied per car transported. Methodological evolutions  on Roro Vessels (type of 
ferry) have had a big impact on our Sea calculation: intensity factor has increased from 11g to 100.2g 
of CO2-eq per ton.km.
 ■ Europe and Middle East Africa Inbound: for parts transportation, Roro Vessels intensity factor has 
increased from 11g to 45.7g of CO2-eq per ton.km.
Exclusions: spare parts distribution not exhaustive, used cars not covered.
77


Page 78:
Summary of greenhouse gas emissions per type of shipment (scope: world, excluding JVs)
Year CO2-eq emissions in tons CO2-eq emissions in %
Upstream 
transport
Road
Stellantis 2023 1,149,881 82%
Stellantis 2022 1,094,578 80%
Former FCA 2021 621,202 82.5%
Former PSA 2021 410,292 82.5%
Air
Stellantis 2023 85,424 6%
Stellantis 2022 111,215 8%
Former FCA 2021 6,694 0.9%
Former PSA 2021 67,789 13.6%
Rail
Stellantis 2023 58,008 4%
Stellantis 2022 76,039 6%
Former FCA 2021 52,469 7.0%
Former PSA 2021 732 0.1%
Sea
Stellantis 2023 105,106 8%
Stellantis 2022 84,412 6%
Former FCA 2021 72,199 9.6%
Former PSA 2021 18,559 3.7%
TOTAL
Stellantis 2023 1,398,420 100%
Stellantis 2022 1,366,244 100%
Former FCA 2021 752,564 100%
Former PSA 2021 497,372 100%
Year CO2-eq emissions in tons CO2-eq emissions in %
Downstream 
transport
Road
Stellantis 2023 1,316,970 66%
Stellantis 2022 884,863 81%
Former FCA 2021 722,312 77.3%
Former PSA 2021 170,851 75.8%
Rail
Stellantis 2023 100,524 5%
Stellantis 2022 85,649 8%
Former FCA 2021 116,762 12.5%
Former PSA 2021 6,812 3.0%
Sea
Stellantis 2023 584,383 29%
Stellantis 2022 120,321 11%
Former FCA 2021 95,876 10.3%
Former PSA 2021 47849 21.2%
TOTAL
Stellantis 2023 2,001,877 100%
Stellantis 2022 1,090,834 100%
Former FCA 2021 934,950 100%
Former PSA 2021 225,512 100%
Total  
(Upstream + 
downstream 
transport)
Stellantis 2023 3,400,296 100%
Stellantis 2022 2,457,078 100%
Former FCA 2021 1,687,514 100%
Former PSA 2021 722,885 100%
78


Page 79:
3 DRIVING THE COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH 
THE DEVELOPMENT OF HUMAN CAPITAL
3.1 MANAGEMENT OF COMPANY 
TRANSFORMATIONS AND SOCIAL DIALOGUE  80
3.1.1 Context and Stellantis position  80
3.1.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  81
3.1.3 Identification and management of risks  
        and opportunities  82
3.1.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  83
3.1.5 Policies to execute the strategy  8 4
3.1.6 Organization and resources 85
3.1.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  87
3.1.8 Detailed key performance indicators 91
3.2 ATTRACTING AND DEVELOPING  
ALL TALENT  99
3.2.1 Context and Stellantis position 99
3.2.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 99
3.2.3 Identification and management of risks  
         and opportunities   100
3.2.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 10 0
3.2.5 Policies to execute the strategy 100
3.2.6 Organization and resources 10 2
3.2.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  102
3.2.8 Detailed key performance indicators 107
3.3 DIVERSITY, INCLUSION AND EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY  115
3.3.1 Context and Stellantis position 115
3.3.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 116
3.3.3 Identification and management of risks  
         and opportunities 116
3.3.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 11 7
3.3.5 Policies to execute the strategy 117
3.3.6 Organization and resources 118
3.3.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results 118
3.3.8 Detailed key performance indicators 123
3.4 HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING  
IN THE WORKPLACE 129
3.4.1 Context and Stellantis position  129
3.4.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 129
3.4.3 Identification and management of risks  
         and opportunities 129
3.4.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 130
3.4.5 Policies to execute the strategy 131
3.4.6 Organization and resources 131
3.4.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results 133
3.4.8 Detailed key performance indicators  137
79


Page 80:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK/PILLAR II. DRIVING THE COMPANY 
TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE DEVELOPMENT OF HUMAN CAPITAL   
Stellantis’ purpose is to provide clean, safe and affordable mobility to all. With Dare Forward 2030 1  
its bold strategic plan for the coming decade, the Company is driving its employees to lead the 
way, increasing value for all stakeholders.
To mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, we are on track to achieve carbon net zero 
emissions by 2038 2. This plan includes increased electrification, automation, digital transformation, 
new production and sales processes to design and offer new products and mobility services meeting 
customers’ new expectations. 
Employees expect transparency that includes their contribution to the future of the Company and how 
the Company supports the surrounding communities where we operate. 
POWERED BY OUR DIVERSITY, WE LEAD THE WAY THE WORLD MOVES
We are  
customer 
centric
We win  
together
We are 
agile and 
innovative
We care for  
the future
Our people are the greatest asset of the Company. They are at the heart of Stellantis from Day One,  
building our new Company in an increasingly challenging context. By activating the different levers 
of transformation in a transversal way, we will make the Company evolve in all its components (skills, 
behaviors, working environment, social responsibility) evolving from a legacy car maker to a tech 
mobility company. 
To support our ambition, we defined a Human Capital Development strategy built on four pillars: 
1. engage sustainable transformations 
2. attract, develop and retain talents 
3. empower diversity with meritocracy 
4. leverage employee experiences 
These pillars are the foundation of our Human Resources policy making Stellantis a great company to 
work for. 
1 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/dare-forward-2030-stellantis-
blueprint-for-cutting-edge-freedom-of-mobility
2 With single-digit % compensation of the remaining emissions in 2038
Leveraging our employee experiences, we are committed to promoting safety, health and wellbeing in 
our workplace and increasing motivation. By applying a flexible approach, including remote working 
where applicable, rethinking our workplaces and increasing the adoption of digital and collaborative 
tools, we aim to preserve employees’ health, improving their quality of life, as well as reducing the CO2 
emissions generated by daily commuting. 
Our employees are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work environment. We firmly believe 
that employees should feel valued and respected. We encourage an environment of inclusivity, 
celebrating the differences that our employees bring to work every day. 
We are cultivating performance, continuous learning and permanent development with a high level of 
creativity and inspiration based on positive employee experiences. With meritocracy as a key rule, we 
recognize and reward success. 
Based on a constructive and responsible social dialogue, we aim to lead the change and unleash 
new expertise in technologies and services to offer competitive mobility solutions to our customers 
for a greater future. This dialogue also includes good and constructive relationships between local 
management and the community. Against this background we were able to sign numerous collective 
agreements in many countries (e.g. national collective agreement in Italy, collective agreements for 
Madrid, Zaragoza and Vigo, new collective agreement 2024-2026 in Serbia, collective agreements in 
Brazil, new 3 years CBA in Canada, …) as well as finding a balanced solution for some challenging 
negotiations (e.g. UAW contract in US) with a positive forward looking outcome for all stakeholders.
Stellantis launched a global employee survey in 2022 to obtain regular global and local data relative 
to engagement, sustainability, wellbeing, and diversity and inclusion. The objective is to identify our 
strengths and drive improvements based on an employee data centric approach. In 2023 in addition 
to this global employee survey, we also conducted a survey on mental health. Drawing from the 
data and valuable insights gathered through these recurring surveys, our objective is to establish an 
environment conducive to sustained corporate success rooted in the strength of our human capital.
3.1 MANAGEMENT OF COMPANY  
TRANSFORMATIONS AND SOCIAL DIALOGUE  
3.1.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION  GRI 2-29  GRI 3-3
CSR issue/challenge #4 Management of Company transformations and social dialogue
Through the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, our objective is to evolve from a legacy automaker 
to a sustainable mobility tech Company. Anticipation and development of skills (job family  3.1.6 ) 
helps the organization to identify the best match between future needs and current resources. This 
transformation needs the support and ability of all employees and employee representatives . 
Stellantis promotes and supports co-constructive, trustworthy, and responsible social dialogues with 
employee representatives at each level of the Company. In this way, management and employee 
representatives can tackle the major ongoing and upcoming challenges together and provide economic 
and social performance for a sustainable future. 
80


Page 81:
To support its objectives, Stellantis will leverage the following actions: 
 ■ continuously improve our organization, with more agility and efficiency to fit business needs 
 ■ pay attention to the social climate and make the social dialogue a competitive advantage and the 
lever to support Company performance
 ■ evaluate and develop skills supporting its sustainable transformation
 ■ accelerate the transformation to become a sustainab le mobility tech Company through our employee 
journey
 ■ continue to develop standard process documents to support the proper preparation and 
implementation of transformation projects taking into account social, skill and employee impact 
 ■ to ensure the right implementation throughout Stellantis, a global training session was conducted 
regarding the relevant process of accompanying transformations including knowledge of all company 
human resources tools (e.g. voluntary departure, early retirement, upskilling, reskilling), involvement 
of stakeholders, and management of efficient social dialogue 
Company’s public position 
The automotive sector is going through a significant transformation, ranging from electrification to 
the integration of artificial intelligence and autonomous driving. At Stellantis, we believe that social 
dialogue is key to the transformation taking place within the Company, supporting this change 
in a responsible way and engaging our workforce . Our employee representatives participate in 
dedicated meetings to discuss how to protect the Company and its employees by managing the risks 
linked to market changes and regulations. By involving and sharing a clear vision of the current and 
upcoming situation, the employee representatives are involved in paving the way to a sustainable 
future. 
3.1.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS 
Social Dialogue 
At Stellantis, employee representatives are fully engaged and involved at global and local level. We 
have dedicated meetings for sharing a clear vision of the current and upcoming situation and the 
strategy, to protect the Company and its employees. Our goals are managing the transformations 
linked to market changes and regulation and together, paving the way to a sustainable future. 
Our co-construction approach with our social partners to anticipate and manage upcoming 
transformation is a pillar we have implemented since our inception through collective agreements. With  
this approach, we are dedicated to ensure that trade union rights are fully respected. We value the role 
of trade unions in representing our employees. Our policies and practices are designed to support the 
engagement of trade unions in the workplace, ensuring open and fair dialogue. 
71
Training 
agreements 
signed
38
Equal 
Opportunity 
agreements 
signed
56
Health 
& Safety 
agreements 
signed
221
Working 
condition 
agreements 
signed
Actions in 2023: 
 ■ We signed more than 600 collective agreements (versus 582 in 2022) with 100% of our countries 
covered (versus 88% in 2022). 
 ■ We have the strong ambition to assign in 2024, as a pillar of a Sustainable Transformation, a 
framework agreement addressing: 
 ● commitment to preserve and protect human rights
 ● commitment to environmental protection
 ● corporate social responsibility
 ● co-construction with social partners
 ● developing skills and employability
 ● being a magnet for talent
 ● protecting health and safety with an emphasis on employee wellbeing and engagement 
 ● diversity and equal opportunities
 ● embracing new ways of working that develop employees' ability to achieve their potential 
81


Page 82:
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #4 Management of company transformations and social dialogue
VISION/AMBITION: Implement co-construction with trustful and transparent social dialogue with employee representatives and stakeholders to continuously develop and prepare the Company for future 
challenges 
OWNER: Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2024) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
% of countries* covered by 
collective agreements
90% 95% 100% 86% 88% 100%
* Countries with over 150 employees
3.1.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES  
GRI 3-3
In 2023, Stellantis identified business model and human capital risks that we faced regularly in the 
management of our business. For example, changes in regulations that lead to labor, operational 
and economic risks for our employees require Stellantis to adapt to new ways of working. Our "Dare 
Forward 2030" strategy require us to develop and promote integrity, responsibility and ethical behavior 
throughout the Company, based on the protection of human rights and support for the economic 
development of the communities in which we do business.  
We are committed to protecting human rights by treating our workforce fairly and with respect and 
dignity; aligning with internationally recognized frameworks such as the UN Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises and the ILP Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
Social relations and workforce management are key success factors for involving and engaging 
employees in an Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) process that help us bring about the 
Company’s transformation in alignment with our human rights values. Against this background, risks 
and opportunities were identified.
3.1.3.1 Risks
The Company is aware that its transformation faces challenges. For example: 
 ■ Regulations and industry changes are creating unprecedented requirements for talent with 
specialist knowledge and experience, for example related to cybersecurity or carbon neutrality 
 ■ In some jurisdictions, our personnel face high inflation and economic insecurity
 ■ Operational risks include:  
 ● lack of availability of specialized skills
 ● lack of attractiveness and pace of enriching the Company with new competencies needed for 
the future
 ● decisions to define the working relationship with employees that are not aligned with the 
market-led and regulatory transformations of the Company, can cause social issues  (e.g., 
demonstrations and complaints brought by employee representatives)  
 ● not having the support from social partners, could result in the speed of transformation being 
hampered, which is key to our market competitiveness. Threatening our reputation in the event 
of strikes, social movements, dismissals, legal action, employee dissatisfaction, etc., resulting in 
the non-achievement of the Dare Forward 2030 strategy.  
3.1.3.2 Opportunities
Our transformation presents the following opportunities: 
 ■ Developing key skills and competencies so that we can:  
 ● accelerate Stellantis transformation fostering agility, continuous improvement and innovation 
 ● anticipate changes and equip employees with the competences required to succeed 
 ● achieve sustainable performance aligned with new business needs and trends 
 ● make best use of our people with their strong skills background, upskilling/reskilling internally 
and recruit for game-changing performance 
 ■ Diversification of skills, to power the transformation:  
 ● contribute to the global distribution of competencies, with the new way of working, New Era of 
Agility (remote working), by having the right skills at the right time and place to support the 
business priorities of the Company
 ■ Innovation of social dialogue:  
 ● co-construction through innovative Collective Bargaining Agreements  
 ● reassurance on the Company’s ability to manage transformation through social dialogue to 
facilitate its relationships with unions and public authorities
82


Page 83:
 ■ Evaluation and provision, where possible, of updated and responsible social measures like 
outplacement offers, or voluntary departures supported by financial separation plans or labor 
foundations (including early retirement and reduction of working hours). There are individual 
discussions with employees if needed.
 ■ Implementation of our values of “ winning together” and “ caring for the future ”, both for the 
employees and the Company 
Leveraging the combined skills and diverse backgrounds of our highly competitive and committed 
team to guide Stellantis to become a great company to work for 
The simplification and redesign of business processes to create a more efficient organization that 
provides more agile environments for our employees. 
Utilization of Artificial Intelligence to create efficiencies within Stellantis, with the creation of an AI 
Centre of Excellence and piloting various projects / initiatives within the Company.
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Our electrification process relies on a strong inclusive strategy, which includes  
battery repair and reuse. It will create workforce opportunities for our six gigafactories 
operating through specialized joint ventures, 24 e-repair centers, and two battery 
technology centers, one of which is under construction in Windsor, Canada and the 
other inaugurated in September 2023 in Turin, Italy. In 2023, the first gigafactory was 
inaugurated in Douvrin (France) with an initial production capacity of 13GWH, raising to 
40GWh by 2030. A battery center in Mirafiori was also announced in 2023. These new 
opportunities will be used to ensure the workforce transition from Internal Combustion 
Engine vehicles (ICE) to Electric Vehicles (EV). Stellantis is supporting this workforce 
transition by training and offering skill enhancement to employees to assist them with 
their chosen professional paths internally or externally. 
3.1.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS
 GRI 2-30  GRI 3-3  GRI 402-1  GRI 407-1  GRI 413-1  SASB-310a.2  
The Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer  (CHRTO) assists and advises the ESG 
Committee under authority delegated by the Board of Directors with respect to ESG  5.1.4.3 .  
For Human Resources and Labor Relations at Stellantis, the CHRTO sets and enforces a global 
Stellantis Social Relation strategy approved by the Top Executive team  3.1.5 . 
The CHRTO, as well as, the Human Rights Officer are both involved in strategic decisions taking the 
human factor into account. This is a necessary condition to establish a high qualitative and proactive 
social dialogue. By finding the right balance between corporate and local needs, the global operating 
model supports further integration of diversity in the Company. In this way, local needs are considered, 
while consistent and cohesive actions are taken. Local collective agreements are led by the regions or 
countries which take global Company policies into account and reflect local particularities.
To get a global social overview, social climate monitoring  was implemented in each region or 
country with the objective to provide insight, create common understanding, allow forecasting on 
a corporate level and define further action plans, as needed. Each month, HR representatives from 
about 30 countries participate in a poll and share information about working rhythms and atmosphere, 
manufacturing, engineering, sales, and Union activities and local policies. These criteria enable the 
sharing of the state of the social climate from within the workforce to allow for actionable planning 
and preparedness.
Additionally, a Human Rights Committee was established in 2023 to provide oversight and governance 
of the Human Rights Policy globally. Along with the CHRTO, the Human Rights Committee is responsible 
for evaluating the strength and applicability of the existing human rights control framework at the 
Company and presenting plans to strengthen controls or develop new ones, as appropriate, to meet 
the human rights challenges that face the Company and its suppliers (including sub-contractors).  
The CHRTO is responsible for the oversight and protection of the Freedom of Association and the 
Right to Collective Bargaining. The CHRTO is a member of the Strategy Council and the owner of the 
strategic ESG issue “Management of company transformations and social dialogue”  3.1.7 .
Co-construction is the approach promoted by the Company to build a responsible relationship with the 
Employee Representatives based on trust and transparency and aimed at reconciling economic and 
social performance by implementing the most appropriate and pragmatic solutions. With this objective 
in mind, active dialogue was maintained in 2023 with various employee representation bodies at 
national or transnational level. In Europe, through the European Works Councils of PSA, Fiat and 
Opel Vauxhall or in North America UAW (U.S. Union) or Unifor (Canadian Union) whose mandates 
are respected. Through the Special Negotiation Body , we will continue to create our Stellantis 
employees’ representatives community by negotiating the future Stellantis European Works Council 
by mid 2024. 
The approach of co-construction through social dialogue is held as a competitive advantage for the 
Company in an increasingly demanding environment. The notice period provided to employees and 
their elected representatives regarding significant operational changes is regulated either by local 
legislation or through collective bargaining agreement. Stellantis promotes and implements exchange 
with social partners regarding any significant operational changes to find the most appropriate solution 
in a responsible manner.
The Stellantis social community is set up by leveraging on local and regional employee representatives 
(e.g. UAW, European Works Council) and worldwide events on the Dare Forward 2030 plan and HR 
strategy as foundations of the future of Stellantis  3.1.7 . 
83


Page 84:
Employees Covered by a Collective Bargaining Agreement*
(Stellantis worldwide)
Year Number of employees covered % of employees covered
Blue collars
2023 167,250 99%
2022 172,214 97%
2021 182,173 97%
White collars
2023 57,008 70%
2022 60,802 74%
2021 58,952 65%
Total
2023 224,850 90%
2022 233,016 89%
2021 241,125 87%
* Countries with more than 150 employees 
In 2023, more than 600 collective agreements were signed worldwide (versus 582 in 2022) and 99% 
of Company blue-collar workers are covered by a collective bargaining agreement at sectoral and/or 
Company level (versus 97% in 2022). 
To identify and develop the appropriate and diverse skills needed to be at the forefront of tech 
leadership, we implemented strong governance and resources dedicated to the know-how evolution 
strategy  3.1.6 . 
3.1.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY  GRI 2-30  GRI 3-3  GRI 412-1
The Stellantis social relations strategy is based on six commitments:  
 ■ Stellantis supports the principles of the United Nations Guiding Principles, United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights, among others and the right to work without discrimination for fair 
remuneration. We work to provide competitive and living wages and contracted with the Fair Wage 
Network, an independent, recognized authority on fair and living wages.
 ■ Stellantis is committed to complying with all applicable labor laws and regulations and aims to apply 
best practices in human resources management
 ■ Stellantis bases social dialogue on relationships with independent labor unions and employee 
representatives and seeks workplace cooperation
 ■ Stellantis’ objective is to negotiate collective bargaining agreements that are pragmatic, inclusive and 
protective of its employees
 ■ Stellantis fosters social dialogue with the workforce
 ■ Stellantis monitors social indicators in its subsidiaries and globally discloses in a transparent manner 
to its stakeholders
We are committed to transparency in our approach to human rights. We publish our Human Rights 
Policy in multiple languages on our corporate website and reference and endorse many internationally 
recognized human rights frameworks. In addition, Stellantis has committed to social dialogue 
surrounding Freedom of Association and collective bargaining, which respects, protects, and promotes 
the fundamental labor rights of employees. 
We reinforce these principles by providing training on the global Human Rights Policy and our Code of 
Conduct to our workforce, our suppliers and business partners. Examples of the Company’s focus on 
human rights include 3: 
 ■ The Responsible Purchasing Guidelines and the Stellantis Human Rights Policy seek to align with 
the human rights principles embodied in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the Organization for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work of the International Labour Organization (ILO), the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
 ■ As a signatory of the UN Global Compact and supporter of the ILO Principles, Stellantis considers 
environmental and societal impacts in its decision-making processes in a 360-degree approach, 
sharing values and requirements with suppliers, subcontractors, industrial partners and dealer 
networks.
 ■ Stellantis reinforces its commitment to global principles with an additional focus on compliance with 
related local legislation, such as the French Duty of Vigilance and the UK’s Modern Slavery Act. 
 ■ Incorporated in our recently launched compliance questionnaire and human rights assessment, we 
monitor the awareness of internal stakeholders to human rights risks or violations and will establish 
processes to prevent, mitigate and account for potential and actual human rights adverse impacts.
 ■ Our various due diligence processes are also designed to alert us with regards to potential human 
rights violations by our suppliers or other business partners on a risk-based basis; in alignment 
with the UN Guiding Principles of Business and Human Rights and the OECD Due Diligence for 
Responsible Business Conduct.  
 ■ Stellantis performs a global audit focused on human rights targeting specific legal entities on a risk-
basis. By taking a holistic approach to risk identification in 2023, the Human Rights Compliance team 
will be in a better position to proactively identify, address and track human rights impacts in our 
value chain.
3 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis-Human-Rights-Policy.pdf
84


Page 85:
Human Rights Audit Coverage 
(at the end of September 2022)
Total workforce Year Number %
Human Rights audit Coverage 2022 188,556 71%
Headcount with Issue Noted 2022 52,015 28%
The main purpose of this audit for our own operations, considering the Human Rights standards, is to 
evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of control and governance over the processes below, but not 
limited to:
 ■ Buyers Communication and Training.
 ■ Suppliers Risk Mapping and Management.
 ■ Implementation of M&A Due Diligence Process.
 ■ Review of Human Rights Mapping Frameworks.
The audit scope is created on a risk-basis in order to assess the internal control system concerning 
human rights on issues such as child and forced labor, high risk countries/areas of corruption or conflict, 
responsible supply chain sourcing, training and communication internally and to suppliers based on our 
assessment. For 2023, the Human Rights Audit scope was expanded to include due diligence efforts 
and third party management programs. 
As audit activities are ongoing in the first quarter of 2024, full data analysis is not yet available. 
However, initial findings from the 2023 Human Rights Audit have identified areas of improvement in 
increased monitoring on due diligence activities for business partners and formalizing onsite supplier 
audit procedures, training processes, communication and access to policies and procedures. 
In 2024, we will finalize the results of the 2023 audit and will continue to work with outside consultants 
to update our assessment to prioritize, validate and regularly report on human rights issues to the 
Stellantis Human Rights Committee, the Ethics and Compliance Committee and to the Audit Committee.
Security personnel
External service providers often provide the security personnel that protect many of our sites. As 
with other suppliers, we require such service providers to follow our Global Responsible Purchasing 
Guidelines. They are asked to pledge their commitment to fulfill their responsibility toward respecting 
human rights, cascading it throughout their entire supply chain  7.1.5 . Internal security personnel 
need to fulfill the mandatory trainings as all other employees.
3.1.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3
The Company aims to have relevant employee representative bodies at all levels (global, regional, 
local) enabling them to share implementation of the Company’s strategic plan across all regions and to 
conduct an efficient dialogue with employee representatives.
To implement and support the co-construction approach over the whole Company, a four-level 
organization has been implemented as follows: 
 ■ corporate labor relations division 
 ■ regional labor relations leader in each region 
 ■ country labor relations leader in each main country (U.S., France, Italy, Germany, Brazil) 
 ■ local labor relation experts within the plants or sites. 
Stellantis dedicates more than 300 employees to fully manage the social and labor relations and HR 
specialists to provide social climate field support. This includes the deployment of a new manufacturing 
training program (Team2Win) that is integrated in the Stellantis Production Way (SPW) program, 
which covers team leaders, supervisors, shift and plant managers. 
Stellantis focuses on ensuring a global approach for skills transformation, leveraging on global 
job families’ policy and further developing our global network of expertise as a lever to be at the 
forefront of tech leadership. The job family approach provides a worldwide and cross-functional jobs 
and skills foundation for Stellantis, which is fully integrated with talent management and learning 
policies. This foundation of jobs and skills is based on internal and external data. Through Human 
Resource analytics, job roles and required skills are customized and finally validated by a job family and 
Human Resources stakeholders network. 
A job family consists of a set of common skills and jobs with the same business purpose. Each job 
family is split into a specific set of activities called “professions” (100 different professions), requiring 
the mastery of skills, tools and standardized processes. All employees are assigned to a profession and 
a job family allowing a job and skills driven mapping, cross-functional to the organization. 
To enable a cross-organization policy to develop and evolve skills for each global job family, governance 
is set up with key stakeholders. 
100 
different 
professions
approximately 90.000 employees
all white collar  
involved in this program
15
global job 
families
85


Page 86:
Job families governance
GOVERNANCE MISSION / DELIVERABLES
WORLDWIDE
Top Management 
Sponsor Validate job family vision
Job Family Leader Define priorities, validate proposals and provide orientation for the 
job family
HR Job Families 
Coordinator 
Accountable for coordinating and ensuring proper implementation 
for the job families processes, supporting Job Family Leader and 
Profession Managers: Job catalog and key jobs, technical skills and 
learning offer, strategic domains and skills, typical career path, future 
needs
Profession Manager
Main accountabilities: build and approve the job catalog identifying 
key jobs, core technical skills development needs and learning 
roadmap validation, identify the strategic changes impacting the 
profession, express future needs of skills and employment, define the 
standards and best practices at the global level, set up their network 
of expertise
Expertise Network 
(Fellow and Senior 
Fellow)
Accountable with Profession Managers to define and support 
future trends, Company performance and technical knowledge 
and awareness for the technical domains with the highest level of 
innovation and technology
REGIONAL
Regional Network and 
Skills Correspondent
Guided by Profession Managers, accountable to help deploying the 
professions orientations and bring up local inputs from Regions
Regional HR Job 
Families
Engaged by Global HR Job Families Coordinator to provide guidance 
for the local implementation and to ensure job families processes 
development thanks to local HR network involvement
Job families mapping
Software & electrics and electronics Sales & Marketing
Engineering Financial Services
Program&Project Management Communication
Design
Quality
Manufacturing
Legal
Supply Chain
Purchasing
ICT, Digital & Data
Finance
Human Resources & Transformation
15 STELLANTIS 
JOB FAMILIES
As a key asset of our approach and in addition to the job family / skills policy, Stellantis set-up a global 
employee collective expertise community, comprising up to 6 distinguished fellows, 54 senior fellows 
and 254 fellows in specific areas of competencies. This Expertise community has defined domains 
divided into strategic and enabler expertise domains, with the goal to strengthen the evolution of 
the highest-level skills in the most technical and technological domains to support know-how 
development as Innovation and Implementation activities (~300 white collar). It is the ambition that 
the final community shall consist of around 300 experts. In 2023 around 33 Senior Fellows plus 200 
Fellows were re-confirmed out of the previous population and the first new candidates for 
Senior Fellow positions have been presented to the Executive Expert Committee (EEC).
The expertise community, managed together with the Chief Human Resources Transformation Officer 
and the Chief Technology Officer, has the aim of:
 ■ concretely acting to strengthen the best technical know-how in the Company ensuring the proper 
development of the most technical domains
 ■ being the point of reference for supporting our Company performance, becoming the “go-to person” 
to find the most efficient and innovative solutions
 ■ developing the ability in forecasting changes to secure sustainability for the business
 ■ building a world-wide expertise network, powered by Stellantis’ diversity, with an inclusive 
environment in which providing value to the whole innovative ideas and know-how. 
The Executive Expert Committees comprised of the Chief Engineering and Technology Officer, the 
Chief Human Resources Transformation Officer, Chief Sales & Marketing Officer, the Chief Customer 
Experience Officer, and the Chief Software Officer, provides the strategic guidance for the initiative, 
approving the domains and nominating the key expert profiles. 
The first Global Town hall meeting will be held in March 2024. Additionally, a dedicated learning program 
was set-up to provide the expertise community with practical insight and tools, fully aligned to their 
“Technical Knowledge and Awareness” responsibility. 
86


Page 87:
The expertise community will play a key role for research and experimentation, external relationships, 
and partnership to develop technical know-how aligned with the Dare Forward 2030 strategy. 
We strongly believe that this ‘know how’ evolution strategy is a lever to enable our transformation 
providing our employees with the proper levers to prepare them for this journey. 
As part of the HR policy, we will also include some critical skills through external hiring by 2024: 
 ■ up to 2,000 in Software 
 ■ up to 120 in IT/Data, 
 ■ up to 200 in e-commerce, sales and marketing 
 ■ up to 300 for some specific skills in engineering (e.g., fuel cell, electronic). 
SOFTWARE AND ELECTRIFICATION ACADEMY
From the very beginning of the creation of Stellantis, the software and electrification 
strategy is a highly relevant topic shared with social partners. We share the challenges 
and the consequences of the data and energy transition with the willingness to have 
a common understanding and the construction of the path to achieve the transition to 
a sustainable mobility tech company. Regarding skills management, the anticipation 
of future needs is a critical element. The job family approach and expertise network 
are a solution to manage the required operations and support our aspirations to hold 
a leadership position within the automotive industry. Furthermore, a budget has been 
allocated to retrain or reskill people who have roles in areas of the company that are 
being de-emphasized. This is managed via two specific academies  3.2.7 .
3.1.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS  
AND RESULTS 
GRI 2-7
 
GRI 3-3
 
GRI 401-1
 
GRI 407-1
   
 
GRI 411-1
 
GRI 412-1
 
GRI 2-27
 
SASB-250a.2
 With its global employee survey, first launched in September 2022, Stellantis gives all employees 
the opportunity to express their opinion on topics such as the Company strategy, wellbeing at work, 
motivation, working conditions, employer attractiveness, together with diversity and inclusion. The 
survey included open-ended comment boxes that allow employees to provide additional information.  
Participation in this survey is on a voluntary basis. The results are confidential as they are analyzed 
only in an aggregated form. Based on an employee-centric approach, the objective is to identify the 
strengths and improvements relative to the employee experience across the Company.
More than 155,000 employees responded to the second edition of our Global Employee Survey 
conducted from May 9 to 31 representing a 63% participation rate, which is a 13-point increase  
compared with the first edition.
The survey results showed a good level of motivation. For the question ‘I am motivated to go beyond 
what is normally expected to help my Company be successful’, 73% of the employees answered positively 
(versus 74% in 2022), demonstrating their strong commitment within the Company. Employees clearly 
understand how their own job contributes to achieving the goals of the Company (83% of positive 
responses versus 84% in 2022). They like their job, the kind of work they do (82% of positive answers 
versus 83% in 2022). They would recommend the Company's products and services to their friends and 
relatives (76% of positive answers versus 79% in 2022). They are aligned with the Company's values 
(74% of positive answers versus 76% in 2022). They consider that the Company is making the changes 
necessary to compete effectively in the market (68% of positive answers versus 70% in 2022).
Opportunity for improvement includes working conditions and workload, with answers varying by 
employee categories. There is also room to improve communication with the employees on matters 
affecting them. More than 7,000 managers received data dashboards for their areas to generate 
discussions within their team and define next steps in a collaborative mode. The main takeaways 
from the survey were shared with employees. As a result, local and team action plans have been 
implemented as well as regional wellbeing roadmaps. In communication, the link between actions and 
survey feedbacks were highlighted. Individual objectives for Human Resources and business teams 
were set with their actions and projects looking to improve wellbeing at work and motivation, thus 
decreasing absenteeism, and making Stellantis a great company to work for. For example new setup for 
meetings, optimizing frequency, length and attendees and improvement of the facilities environment 
were topics raised by employees.
In parallel, the local results of the survey were also shared with employee representatives in all 
the countries where Stellantis distributed the survey, with the goal to have a common and shared 
assessment as well as defining action plans for improving the social climate and the employees’ 
engagement.
Motivation index4
73%
To involve all employees in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, the Company is engaging in several 
actions: 
 ■ regular communications to all employees on the strategic orientations and steps of progress  
 ■ area dedicated to the strategic plan on the employee portal  
 ■ regular internal news publications highlighting concrete actions implemented  
 ■ learnings, webinars, masterclasses allowing the acculturation on key topics such as digital, software, 
D&I, electrification 
 ■ sharing and exchanges between managers and teams during managerial events such as divisional 
town halls and team meetings 
 ■ responding to questions raised relative to the strategic plan in the Global Employee Survey
 ■ a numeric identity for blue collars will allow them to connect to The Hub, our intranet site, and 
a professional mailbox in order to directly receive all personalized communication. Blue collars 
will be involved in using digital collaborative tools in their daily jobs like chat, training or online 
documentation. The project was launched in 2023 with our strategic partner Microsoft.  
4 Employees motivated to go beyond what is normally expected to help the company be successful.
87


Page 88:
At the heart of the global Stellantis Human Resources policy to manage skills, we set up a worldwide 
and cross organization governance of 15 Stellantis global job families: 
 ■ Implemented 100 professions, with the proper governance, to identify strategic and key skills to 
support business performance 
 ■ Established the policy to map our employees in the global job families with a skills-driven approach 
 ■ Launched the technical skills rating process as a development perspective for our employees and 
business needs 
 ■ Defined the strategy to provide to employees the proper levers to act consistently in their 
development. One part is the learning experience. It is based on artificial intelligence and data 
analytics to provide individual learning recommendations depending on the employees skills.
 ■ Identify the governance, with Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer and Chief Technical 
Officer leadership to engage a global network of expertise  t o protect the most technological and 
technical domains of activities.
Our objective is to build the roadmap of technical strategic skills for current employability and future 
transformation and provide our employees with proper development levers. An assessment process 
on technical skills, alongside the others phases of the Employee Talent Journey (Aspirations and 
Values & Behaviors), will contribute to providing concrete inputs for development action plans to 
solve gaps and to support performance improvement  3.2.7 . 
Targeted recruitment processes are deployed within the Company worldwide to support the 
onboarding and integration of new talent. Stellantis aims to recruit diverse talent, based on a 
recruitment policy developing attractiveness and equal treatment. Worldwide 28,601 employees 
(versus 33,267 in 2022) have been hired (with an average cost of €801 versus 867 in 2022) and 4,913 
apprentice (versus 4,378 in 2022) and 3,399 internship hiring (versus 2,110 in 2022). This hiring happens 
across functions (Engineering, Industrial, Sales/Marketing, Purchasing, IT, Digital, etc.,) for sites that 
are experiencing an increase in business. It encompasses both junior positions and more senior 
positions in all employee categories: engineers, technicians, operators and other competences for the 
transformation of the Company. 
Stellantis hired 
28,601
employees
Permanent 
contract hirings
11,160
Women hired
8,986 3,399
Internships
 ■ Freedom of Association in Action : As a result of our freedom of association principles, 91% of 
employees (versus 90% in 2022) are represented by trade unions or employee representatives - 
 ■ 90% of the workforce (versus 89% in 2022) are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, 
Stellantis worldwide.
 ■ At Stellantis we affirm our commitment to prevent discrimination against workers' representatives. 
We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone's rights and contributions are 
respected, without bias. Our global and local policies and practices reflect this commitment.
Organization of working hours 
In every host country, working hours are equal to or less than  the legal work week or industry 
practices. Stellantis has implemented flexible working hours initiatives, also known as banks of hours, 
in most countries with industrial or logistics facilities. As such, working hours are determined on an 
annual or multi-year basis in these countries. In 2023, overtime accounted for 7.37% of hours worked 
in the Company (versus 6.12% in 2022 and 5.99% in 2021). According to the information recorded in our 
system, over the course of 2023, 33,700 employees worked more than 48 hours per week on average 
(versus 39,834 in 2022).
Employee savings plan 
Employee savings plans allow employees from several countries to invest in Company shares or other 
diversified instruments (shares, bonds, monetary) with a varied yield/ risk ratio depending on the 
instrument. At the end of December 2023, employee savings (LTI not included) plans represented €962 
million (versus 688 million in 2022), with 35.25 million Stellantis shares (versus 28.68 million in 2022). 
Starting in France and Italy, Stellantis set up a new employee shareholding project “Shares to Win” in 
order to involve its teams in the group's performance and try to provide a response to the purchasing 
power crisis in two of its historic countries. In this first step about 87,000 Stellantis employees will be 
offered preferential conditions to become shareholders. 
Health and Welfare Benefits 
The Company offers life insurance in all countries where company insurance can be set up. For health 
care benefits, the Company proposes health care insurance to all employees that is competitive within 
country local practices. For health care benefits, the Company provides health care insurance to full-
time employees where comprehensive government-provided health insurance is not provided. In 
2023, €1,677 million (versus 1,758 million in 2022) was paid by the Company as employee benefits. 
Representing 9.18% of the total payroll (versus 10% in 2022), this amount includes employer payments 
for supplementary retirement schemes, healthcare, life insurance, disability, childcare centers and other 
programs (gym, wellness, cafeteria, etc.).    
Retirements/Pensions 
The commitments recorded in the Company’s accounts under defined-benefits pension programs 
were €24,738 million (versus 27,077 million in 2022) and were covered by dedicated funds of €22,944 
million (versus €22,948 million in 2022). These valuations are conducted annually, in accordance with 
the IAS 19 standard, by an international actuary firm, based on assumptions audited by the Company’s 
Statutory Auditors. The Company has set up defined-contribution pension programs in all countries 
where necessary according to market practices and available resources. Some defined-contribution 
plans are in place in countries such as France, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Belgium, the 
Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, Brazil, Argentina, Turkey, Canada and the United States, with country-
specific arrangements. 
88


Page 89:
PROFIT SHARING
In France with non-discretionary and discretionary profit-sharing, and in Brazil with 
the Programa de Participação nos Resultados. In other countries, the Company has 
implemented a Collective Local Performance Incentive (CLPI) plan. The CLPI, which is 
deployed based on the Company’s economic performance, is distributed among the 
countries involved on a shared basis and is paid out according to terms defined by each 
country based on collective economic performance achievement criteria. The CLPI is 
progressively being implemented in countries with no profit-sharing program. To the 
economic performance criterion of operating margin, a criterion on quality results has 
been added. In addition to this fixed and variable compensation, there is an individual 
bonus plan based on company, region or division and individual performance.
In line with our co-constructive approach, agreements are communicated in different ways, also 
depending on local laws. Sometimes they are shared in government databases, intranet, emailed 
to all employees , etc. Unions can introduce themselves to new employees  and can contact 
employees via the e-mail distribution list. In general, regular meetings are organized with local 
unions and/or employee representatives where the Human Resources and Transformation (HRT) 
team timely address any issues and issues raised by either side. For example, workplace inspections 
and the preparation of risk assessments for reasons of occupational safety or complaints procedures 
due to discrimination (gender, age, ethnicity, etc.,) are dealt with in cooperation with trade unions 
and employee representatives. Some of the issues or raised cases can be solved easily, others may be 
investigated by the Audit & Compliance team, but eventually specific issues can also be referred to 
external mediation. 
Co-construction is an important component for Stellantis. It aims to anticipate and support the 
Company’s transitions by incorporating the human dimension, consequently helping to create a 
harmonious labor environment. 2Two major strikestrikes took place within Stellantis in 2023 according 
to the definition of SASB-310a.2. Stellantis was able to effectively mitigate the turbulence caused by the 
working stoppages through a comprehensive preparation plan, strong governance, and elite strategy. 
This allowed the company to navigate the challenges and minimize the impact on our operations, 
including the major strike in the US. It was triggered by the expiring of the Nationalnational agreement 
and UAW utilized their legal right to strike until a new agreement was found. The second major strike 
occurred in Italy and was declared by the trade unions to protest against the government for the lack 
of industrial initiatives and policies to support the revival of the metal sector in Italy. In total 76 strike 
events (versus 10 in 2022 and 13 in 2021) occurred corresponding to 136.5 days (versus 10.5 days in 2022 
and 13 days in 2021). The two major strikes are responsible for the high increase of days compared to 
last years. 
A globally established program to comply with Human Rights as well as its Diversity and Inclusion 
commitments and Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy is the Stellantis Integrity Helpline  5.1.7 . 
 ■ The Whistleblowing Policy embodied in our Integrity Helpline allows for any violation of the 
Stellantis Code of Conduct and compliance rules to be reported  and received securely and 
confidentially, and to be processed and managed properly. This system is open to employees, 
employee representatives, suppliers and other stakeholders  5.1.7 . Stellantis is committed to 
handling claims and complaints that are raised  7.1.5 . Reports may be made anonymously unless 
local law provides otherwise. The confidentiality of the individual(s) involved in a case is paramount, 
and no external party is involved unless absolutely necessary to resolve a case and then only with 
appropriate confidentiality safeguards.
 ■ The Company expects that all persons in the workplace will be treated with dignity, their rights 
respected and their privacy maintained. The Integrity Helpline can be used to report any violation 
of the Code of Conduct including fundamental human rights. Concerns are handled in accordance 
with the Stellantis Integrity Helpline - Whistleblowing Policy, applicable to all Stellantis companies 
and managed pursuant to local regulations.
 ■ Each report is reviewed and when appropriate, triggers an internal investigation. The investigations 
are conducted with neutrality and respect in order to check and verify the facts. Behaviors that, after 
investigation, are concluded to violate our Code of Conduct can be subject to disciplinary measures 
that are proportional to the seriousness of the offense. Having an established reporting and case 
management system ensures that conduct or processes in violation of the Code can be detected 
promptly, thus limiting any potential negative impact on the Company and on its stakeholders.
 ■ Any criticality arising from the concerns received are analyzed and specific corrective action plans 
implemented. Examples of action plans implemented arising from reports received that concluded 
in a violation of the company Code of Conduct include, revision of applicable procedures, assigned 
responsibilities and training deployed to reaffirm the expected standards of business conduct and 
behavior. Furthermore, a dedicated training, communication and awareness campaign was delivered 
to ensure that all employees are aware of how to behave to prevent the recurrence of such critical 
issues. Specific to 2023, communication campaigns and training courses related to compliance 
policies under the Code of Conduct, Human Rights, Export Controls & Sanctions and Information 
Protection were rolled-out. 
 ■ Action plans are monitored and verified to ensure that deadlines agreed upon with the owners 
are respected (postponement requests must be authorized by the Audit and Compliance 
department). The action plans are validated by the hierarchical managers of those responsible for 
the implementation of actions (overall responsible) and submitted for validation from the regional 
and global Ethics and Compliance Committees (ECC). The ECC reviews all the closure of reports and 
their action plans. The implementation of the actions is declared by the owners, who, on the due 
date, declare implementation by attaching the necessary information to support closure.
 ■ The owners of the action may be from various business functions, depending on the finding/action 
to be implemented.
 ■ Audit and Compliance monitors the actual closure of the most significant actions.
89


Page 90:
In 2023, 2,156 cases (versus 1,862 in 2022 and 1,524 in 2021) were reported via the Stellantis Integrity 
Helpline. All cases are investigated based on the Company's Integrity Helpline - Whistleblowing 
Policy. An investigation is carried out systematically with actions taken based on the conclusions 
 5.1.7 .
In addition, Stellantis is dedicated to abiding by laws and regulations and to preventing disputes. 11,694 
employment grievances (versus 10,705 in 2022) were filed in 2023; 2,001 (versus 1,641 in 2022) of them 
were filed with an official external body (court, employment tribunal, public mediation body, etc.) and 
9,693 (versus 9,064 in 2022) were filed according to an internal procedure. 3,925 grievances (versus 
1,494 in 2022) were settled by a court or external body during the year.  
Labor grievances resolution
Year Total
Grievances filed in court 
during the year
2023 2,001
2022 1,641
2021 1,501
Grievances filed internally 
during the year
2023 9,693
2022 9,064
2021 4,279
Grievances resolved by 
a court or external body 
during the year
2023 3,925
2022 1,494
2021 1,822
Of which decision of favor 
of the company
2023 788
2022 544
2021 571
Of which internal 
remediation with 
settlement agreement
2023 919
2022 219
2021 116
Of which conviction of 
the company
2023 2,218
2022 731
2021 1,227
The Company did not identify any incident of violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples 
during the reporting period.
The Stellantis Student Awards and Stellantis Motor Citizens (the Company’s global employee 
volunteerism program) emphasize the importance of our global company engaging with communities 
on a local level. Both activities support social dialogue with our employees and build the next generation 
of leadership.  
 ■ A historical program, the Stellantis Student Awards, is rooted in our strategic plans and programs, 
supporting education and continued learning as critical functions of a sustainable future. The 
Awards are open to all Stellantis automotive employees in the six regions, benefiting their 
children who have recently graduated from high school or university with a financial award. The 
program reflects our corporate meritocracy, allowing each child the opportunity to earn the reward 
based on a defined and transparent list of criteria that is streamlined across all regions. In 2023, 1,585 
applications (versus 1,500 in 2022) were reviewed and a total amount of €740,368 (versus €715,000 
in 2022) has been distributed to the awarded children.  
 ■ Stellantis Motor Citizens (global employee volunteerism  program) is designed to empower 
employees to make a difference in their communities by connecting to projects, programs, and 
partners that benefit from their talent and align with the three predefined UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (Sustainable Communities, Climate Change and Quality Education). Employees 
participate in “one day of service” or one paid day to help their communities thrive. Motor Citizens 
supports our ‘We All Care’ policy, making a commitment to the wellbeing of Stellantis employees, 
specific to the My Community lever focusing on social relations and volunteering  7.3.5 . 
18,724
Total hours  
of voluntarism 
We are part of the communities  we work in and our employees are also influenced by them. 
Throughout several divisions, among others Manufacturing, Human Resources and Communications, 
Stellantis is in contact with its surrounding communities. We aim to act in a sustainable manner and 
to add value to the communities in which we are active. This exchange is adapted to the regional and 
cultural needs and laws, and depending on the project itself, including employee representatives 
and/or local trade unions. Often the open dialogue assists with finding the most creative and helpful 
ideas. 
Type of activities we engage in but not limited to:
 ■ supporting events by providing corporate infrastructure 
 ■ rural development 
 ■ education promotion, promotion of learning projects providing buildings, materials or lessons and 
infrastructure 
 ■ joint clean-up operations 
 ■ integrative projects of various population groups
 ■ health, hygiene and environment protection:
 ● medical support with Stellantis medical staff and equipment, including family members or 
residents of the community 
 ● blood donation campaigns in many sites 
90


Page 91:
Some concrete examples of projects created, together with our social partners, and put in place in our 
communities:  
Argentina: Contribution to the construction of four emergency houses to combat the housing crisis.
Brazil: Support for the construction of a nursery school in Betim.
US: An outdoor gardening project that included weeding, moving wood chips, tiling, planting, 
harvesting and composting.
India: To enhance the health, ecological and environmental surroundings of the village communities, 
two water bodies were renovated in Adhigathur village. A public park was also built for use by the 
villagers of Melnallathur.
Morocco: Canteen refurbishment for an orphanage, including the purchase and installation of tables 
and chairs and the decoration of the space. 
Hungary: Maintenance of a children's playground in Magyarszecsod.
Poland: Cooperation with the City Hall of Gliwice in the accommodation of Ukrainian refugees 
(availability and adjustment of Stellantis premises).
Spain: Support for women victims of gender-based violence and at risk of social and professional 
exclusion by providing coaching to improve their skills in job interviews, find employment opportunities 
and by giving them social and economic support in partnership with non-profit entities.
UK: Clearing an overgrown and unused wooded area to create a viewpoint for young people to bird 
watch, together with the creation of a tranquil area for the children to sit, enhancing their senses and 
learning about nature.
3.1.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS GRI 3-3  GRI 401-1  
Stellantis Workforce Headcount
Scope of reporting: Legal entities joining Stellantis less than six months ago or out of the HR 
consolidation tool are not taken into account for the CSR Human Capital KPIs. In 2023 8,308 employees 
are not included in the CSR report (with own reports: Aramis 2,339 and COMAU 3,711 and AImotive, 
Autobiz, Autodie, CPK, ShareNow, Stimcar, Suramericana de Plasticos and UAP with a total of 2,258 
employees).
Workforce distribution
by reportable segment 
(headcount)
Workforce distribution
by geographic area  
(headcount)
Year Number % Number %
Enlarged Europe
2023 125,824 50 132,288 53
2022 131,075 49 139,005 53
2021 142,078 50 150,807 54
North America
2023 78,142 31 79,211 32
2022 84,221 32 85,972 32
2021 89,412 32 91,289 32
South America
2023 27,602 11 28,283 11
2022 26,178 10 28,966 11
2021 26,619 9 29,352 10
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 5,668 2 5,679 2
2022 5,042 2 5,311 2
2021 5,698 2 5,983 2
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 5,214 2 5,481 2
2022 4,384 2 4,678 2
2021 3,893 1 4,164 1
Maserati
2023 1,307 1
2022 1,427 1
2021 1,538 1
Other
2023 7,185 3
2022 11,605 4
2021 12,357 4
Total
2023 250,942 100 250,942 100
2022 263,932 100 263,932 100
2021 281,595 100 281,595 100
91


Page 92:
Stellantis Workforce Full Time Employee
Workforce distribution  
by reportable segment (FTE)
Workforce distribution  
by geographic areas (FTE)
Year Number % Number %
Enlarged Europe
2023 116,845 50 122,981 53
2022 121,345 50 128,916 53
North America
2023 70,578 30.3 71,645 31
2022 75,452 31 77,193 31
South America
2023 27,096 12 2,772 12
2022 25,702 10 28,458 12
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 5,667 2 5,678 2
2022 5,041 2 5,310 2
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 4,893 2 5,160 2
2022 4,383 2 4,677 2
Maserati
2023 1,299 1
2022 1,417 1
Other
2023 6,858 3
2022 11,214 4
Total
2023 233,236 100 233,236 100
2022 244,554 100 244,554 100
Part-time employees by gender age group and geographic area
Women Men
Total
Year Under 
30 yo
30-50 
yo
Over 
50 yo Total Under 
30 yo
30-50 
yo
Over 
50 yo Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 428 2,163 733 3,324 1,094 1,764 852 3,710 7,034
2022 276 763 2,307 3,346 819 924 2,014 3,757 7,103
2021 354 2,557 663 956 2,067 1,479 8,076
North America
2023 861 1,216 258 2,335 1,513 1,734 343 3,590 5,925
2022 1,041 264 1,256 2,561 1,760 348 1,870 3,978 6,539
2021 1,284 1,399 209 2,045 1,785 232 6,954
South America
2023 - - - - - - - - -
2022 - - - - - - - - -
2021 - 1 4 4 1 9 10
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 - - - - - - - - -
2022 - 2 9 11 - 1 1 2 13
2021 12 1 1 14
China and India 
& Asia Pacific
2023 3 1 - 4 4 - 4 8
2022 - - - - - - - - -
2021 1 1 2
Total
2023 1,292 3,380 991 5,663 2,611 3,498 1,195 7,304 12,967
2022 1,317 1,029 3,572 5,918 2,579 1,273 3,885 7,737 13,655
2021 1,638 3,970 873 3,005 3,857 1,713 15,056
Of which  
half-time 
employees
2023 5 114 115 234 4 97 228 329 563
2022 149 161 682 992 362 295 618 1,275 2,267
2021 219 751 126 615 681 245 2,637
92


Page 93:
Non-guarantee hour employees
Year Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle 
East & 
Africa
China 
and India 
& Asia 
Pacific
Total
Women FTE 2023 1 974 - - - 975
Men FTE 2023 13 1,517 - - - 1,530
Women HC 2023 6 2,278 - - - 2,284
Men HC 2023 30 3,543 - - - 3,573
Hiring over the year by age, category and gender
Blue collars White collars Top Management
Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Total
Year Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men
Up to 30 yo
2023 2,860 7,226 873 2,488 547 861 540 1,053 - - - - 16,448
2022 2,744 6,549 1,093 4,101 558 1,010 631 1,248 - - - - 17,934
30-50yo
2023 1,910 3,043 994 1,888 148 333 719 1,739 - - 1 6 10,791
2022 2,492 3,699 1,064 2,674 192 370 746 2,077 - - 6 14 13,334
Over 50 yo
2023 171 306 94 349 14 22 111 300 - - 4 1 1,372
2022 320 530 97 492 18 33 99 389 - - 3 18 1,999
Total
2023 4,941 10,575 1,961 4,725 709 1,216 1,370 3,092 - - 5 7 28,601
2022 5,556 10,778 2,254 7,267 768 1,413 1,476 3,714 - - 9 32 33,267
93


Page 94:
Leavers by gender and age
Year
Up to 30 
years old
31 to 50 
years old
Over 50 
years old
Total number of 
leavers by gender
% of leavers 
by gender
Women
2023 1,051 3,007 2,002 6,060 23%
2022 1,235 2,836 1,574 5,645 21%
2021 5,031 4,864 1,955 11,850 26%
Men
2023 3,514 7,742 8,890 20,146 77%
2022 3,819 8,832 8,652 21,303 79%
2021 12,787 11,777 9,264 33,828 74%
Total of leavers 
by age
2023 4,565 10,749 10,892
2022 5,054 11,668 10,226
2021 17,818 16,641 11,219
% of leavers 
2023 17.0% 41.0% 42.0%
2022 18.8% 43.3% 37.9%
2021 39% 36% 25%
Leavers by category - gender and type of leaves
(Stellantis 
worldwide)
Blue collars White collars Top Management Total
Year Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Total Ratio
Resignations
2023 496 2,156 926 2,263 7 28 1,429 4,447 5,876 22%
2022 542 2,491 1,336 3,667 7 10 1,885 6,168 8,053 30%
2021 2,577 8,377 10,954 24%
Dismissals
2023 1,759 4,269 315 843 5 12 2,079 5,124 7,203 27%
2022 1,758 4,823 261 728 1 4 2,020 5,555 7,575 28%
2021 4,143 11,793 15,936 37%
Redundancies 
and transfer of 
undertakings
2023 443 2,464 509 1,921 2 952 4,387 5,339 20%
2022 669 4,124 494 2,105 - 1 1,163 6,230 7,393 27%
2021 605 2817 3422 7%
Other departures
2023 773 4,601 823 1,565 3 23 1,599 6,189 7,788 30%
2022 319 2,352 255 985 3 13 577 3,350 3,927 15%
2021 4,525 10,841 15,366 32%
Total
2023 3,471 13,490 2,573 6,592 15 65 6,059 20,147 26,206 100%
2022 3,288 13,790 2,346 7,485 11 28 5,645 21,303 26,948 100%
2021 11850 33828 45678 100%
94


Page 95:
Turnover rate by geographic area gender and age*
Women Men Total Total of 
turnovers by 
geographic areaYear
Up to 30 
years old
31 to 50 
years old
Over 50 
years old
Up to 30 
years old
31 to 50 
years old
Over 50 
years old
Up to 30 
years old
31 to 50 
years old
Over 50 
years old
Enlarged Europe
2023 19% 7% 5% 17% 4% 4% 17% 5% 4% 5%
2022 17% 5% 4% 15% 4% 5% 16% 4% 4% 5%
North America
2023 13% 10% 14% 21% 9% 14% 19% 9% 14% 12%
2022 15% 8% 7% 14% 7% 8% 15% 8% 8% 9%
South America
2023 29% 22% 15% 22% 12% 10% 24% 14% 10% 15%
2022 30% 20% 14% 24% 13% 11% 25% 14% 11% 16%
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 21% 17% 19% 17% 14% 9% 18% 15% 11% 16%
2022 23% 14% 13% 28% 14% 11% 26% 14% 11% 18%
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 19% 15% 18% 31% 13% 17% 28% 13% 17% 16%
2022 41% 26% 25% 39% 21% 16% 40% 22% 17% 24%
Total of turnover 
by gender and 
age
2023 19% 10% 9% 20% 7% 7% 20% 8% 7% 8.8%
2022 20% 8% 5% 18% 7% 6% 18% 7% 6% 7.7%
2021 7.4%
*Excluding leavers under mutual separation programs
Turnover rate by geographic area gender and category*
Women Men Total Total of turnover 
by geographic 
areaYear White collars Blue collars Top Management White collars Blue collars Top Management White collars Blue collars Top Management
Enlarged Europe
2023 8% 5% 5% 5% 4% 7% 6% 4% 7% 5%
2022 6% 4% NA 6% 4% NA 6% 4% NA 5%
North America
2023 12% 12% 11% 10% 13% 10% 10% 13% 10% 12%
2022 10% 8% NA 10% 8% NA 10% 8% NA 9%
South America
2023 17% 28% -% 13% 14% 3% 14% 16% 3% 15%
2022 13% 30% NA 10% 17% NA 11% 18% NA 16%
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 19% 19% -% 18% 13% 10% 18% 14% 9% 16%
2022 20% 9% NA 19% 17% NA 20% 16% NA 18%
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 16% 120% -% 14% 34% 24% 14% 35% 19% 16%
2022 28% 100% NA 23% 12% NA 25% 13% NA 24%
Total turnover 
by gender and 
category
2023 10% 11% 7% 8% 9% 8% 8% 9% 8% 8.8%
2022 9% 9% NA 8% 7% NA 8% 7% NA 7.7%
2021 7.4%
*Excluding leavers under mutual separation programs
95


Page 96:
Length of service - permanent contract employees
Year Up to 5 years 6 to 10 years 11 to 20 years 21 to 30 years Over 30 years Total
Number of 
employees
2023 49,121 38,640 51,758 59,479 30,153 229,151
2022 54,703 41,986 52,238 63,362 32,385 244,674
2021 59,380 45,997 54,344 64,408 34,589 258,718
Contractors (Intellectual services)
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Women
2023 349 43 67 611 1,070
2022 506 20 173 36 507 1,242
2021
Men
2023 900 - 66 126 2,170 3,262
2022 1,233 32 1,586 443 1,943 5,237
2021
Gender Unknown
2023 687 718 2,336 135 0 3,876
2022 725 1,073 0 0 0 1,798
2021
Total 
2023 1,936 718 2,445 328 738 8,208
2022 2,464 1,125 1,759 479 2,450 8,277
2021
All contractors
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Women 2023 3,163 - 121 609 868 4,761
Men 2023 17,464 - 576 3,711 3,093 24,844
Gender Unknown 2023 6,454 852 3,522 135 - 10,963
Total 2023 27,081 852 4,219 4,455 3,961 40,569
96


Page 97:
Temporary workers by geographic area and gender
Year Women Men Unknown Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 2,571 10,234 - 12,805
2022 7,794
2021 2,350
North America
2023 - 1 1,115 1,116
2022 1,124
2021 -
South America
2023 38 47 - 85
2022 268
2021 90
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 13 28 - 41
2022 10
2021 -
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 66 480 - 546
2022 1,035
2021 -
Total
2023 2,712 10,974 1,115 14,593
2022 10,231
2021 2,440
Apprenticeship / Internship
Year Women Men Total
Number of 
apprentices  
at 31 December 
2023 1,708 3,205 4,913
2022 1,396 2,982 4,378
Number of interns
2023 1,231 2,168 3,399
2022 810 1,300 2,110
Total
2023 2,939 5,373 8,312
2022 2,206 4,282 6,488
Social Dialogue Bodies by country
Country Year
Number of 
work council 
or employee 
body
Algeria
2023 -
2022 1
2021 2
Argentina
2023 -
2022 2
2021 2
Austria
2023 6
2022 7
2021 8
Belgium
2023 4
2022 9
2021 4
Brazil
2023 1
2022 7
2021 9
Canada
2023 11
2022 11
2021 14
Chile
2023 2
2022 2
2021
China
2023 15
2022 16
2021
France
2023 34
2022 35
2021 46
Country Year
Number of 
work council 
or employee 
body
Germany
2023 24
2022 38
2021 15
Hungary
2023 4
2022 4
2021 1
India
2023 -
2022 -
2021 2
Italy
2023 75
2022 103
2021 65
Japan
2023 1
2022 1
2021
Malaysia
2023 -
2022 1
2021 1
Mexico
2023 -
2022 2
2021 7
Morocco
2023 20
2022 5
2021 4
Nether- 
lands
2023 10
2022 2
2021 2
Country Year
Number of 
work council 
or employee 
body
Poland
2023 11
2022 6
2021 4
Portugal
2023 5
2022 11
2021 3
Russia
2023 -
2022 -
2021 1
Serbia
2023 2
2022 1
2021 1
Slovakia
2023 3
2022 5
2021 2
Spain
2023 106
2022 70
2021 16
Turkey
2023 1
2022 1
2021
United 
Kingdom
2023 12
2022 47
2021 42
United 
States
2023 84
2022 84
2021 39
Total
2023 431
2022 471
2021 290
97


Page 98:
Employees Unionized by category
(North America)
Year Number of employees unionized % of employees unionized
Blue collars
2023 60,015 100%
2022 64,657 100%
2021 68,968 99%
White collars
2023 2,370 13%
2022 2,760 14.3%
2021 3,002 15%
Top Management
2023 - -%
2022 - -%
2021 NA NA
New Era of Agility (remote work) by gender
Year
Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle 
East & 
Africa
China 
and India 
& Asia 
Pacific Total
Number of 
employees 
eligible to 
NEA
Women
2023 11,092 2,600 1,603 616 1,055 16,966
2022 10,365 3,279 1,792 562 975 16,973
2021
Men
2023 32,149 7,955 3,677 1,457 2,965 48,203
2022 27,626 11,458 3,658 928 2,844 46,514
2021
Number of 
employees
participating 
to NEA
Women
2023 9,131 2,500 1,479 585 1,044 14,739
2022 7,545 2,410 1,670 562 975 13,162
2021
Men
2023 23,889 7,710 3,043 1,118 2,942 38,702
2022 19,194 7,888 3,331 928 2,844 34,185
2021
Employee Volunteerism
Year Number of people participated Hours of volunteerism
2023 5,174 18,724
2022 713 4,779
2021 1,117 6,249
Full-time own workers working more than 48 hours per week  
by geographic area and by type of contract
Year Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 23 330 353
2022 - 13,950 13,950
North America
2023 2,238 11,733 14,671
2022 589 7,759 8,348
South America
2023 205 17,898 18,103
2022 300 16,908 17,208
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 - - -
2022 57 57
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 207 366 573
2022 16 255 271
Total
2023 3,373 30,328 33,700
2022 905 38,929 39,834
98


Page 99:
3.2 ATTRACTING AND DEVELOPING  
ALL TALENT  
3.2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION GRI 3-3
CSR issue/challenge #5 Attracting and developing all talent
Talent management takes center stage in Stellantis Human Resources activity and practice. We strive 
to attract and retain diverse talents all over the world with the capabilities required for our success. 
At Stellantis we aspire to be recognized as the “employer of choice” in the labor marketplace. Our 
intentions are to create actions that retain and attract talent with critical skills. Our objective is to 
build an Employer Brand action plan by implementing a process to monitor the attractiveness of our 
Company. To further engage and motivate our team, meritocracy is at the center of our strategy, as 
we recognize and reward success. 
As announced in Dare Forward 2030, our objective is to have approximately 4,500 software employees 
by the end of 2024, achieved through a combination of hiring, upskilling and reskilling our existing 
talent. Our capacity to develop internal strategic skills in software, data and electrification, is key. This is 
the reason we have launched dedicated learning academies. Our aspiration is to build an agile learning 
organization by shifting the learning paradigm from a push to a pull learning model. This approach will 
provide more support to existing talent who want to develop their skills and find appropriate resources 
to perform in their current role, therefore satisfying their growth ambitions.
Company’s public position 
Employees will lead the transformational change that is underway in the auto industry. In order to 
remain one of the leading companies in the sector, at Stellantis we strive to provide opportunities for 
our people to grow professionally, helping in the retention of skills and the development of talented 
and engaged teams.
3.2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS GRI 3-3  
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #5 Attracting and developing all talent
VISION/AMBITION: Recruit and empower talents, by increasing a ‘learning enterprise culture’ and developing strategic skills, with the right talents in the key roles to create a highly committed workforce and 
seize new businesses. 
OWNER: Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2024) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
Access rate to training (=No. of 
employees trained/total number of 
employees)
95% 100% 100% 72% 85%* 90%*
% of technical engineering reskill/
upskilling
10% 30% 50% 5% ~6% 7.7%
* Data calculated in FTE, not comparable with 2021 data 
99


Page 100:
3.2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES   GRI 3-3
In 2023, 28,601 new employees were hired (versus 33,267 in 2022 and 34,751 in 2021) in strategic fields 
including Purchasing, Supply Chain, Software, Marketing and Sales therefore demonstrating our goal 
of being an employer of choice. With today's transformation of the automotive industry, attracting 
and retaining talent at Stellantis is of high importance. In relation to talent management activities, we 
identified the following risks and opportunities:  
 ■ Risks linked with the tight labor market that is persistent around the world: In these markets, 
specific skills and the most talented people have more options for employment. 
 ● Through global teams and projects, development programs, specific international assignments 
and the possibility to work remotely, many employees at Stellantis can and do have an impact 
beyond their geographical location.  
 ■ Risks related to weak employer brand recognition  
 ● We are strengthening communication about our employer brand initiatives and existing brand 
career pages will be directed to the new Global Stellantis career page. 
 ■ Risk of not having the right skills in the right places at the right time 
 ● Through the job family approach, strategic skills management and the learning academies, regular 
reviews and actions are taken to ensure the skills of the future are being cultivated. 
 ■ Risk of not matching skills needs and learning offers 
 ● Strategic skills are linked to new tech and market challenges. Software, digital, ADAS and 
electrification are emergent topics with limited availability of internal and external content. This 
risk is mitigated by leveraging our subject matter experts (fellows and senior fellows), scouting 
international digital libraries and application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to match skills and 
learning resources. 
Opportunities 
 ■ A unique opportunity for talent to work with Stellantis, become exposed to, or work within a wide 
variety of cultures, due to a workforce composed of 160 nationalities (versus 162 in 2022 and 170 in 
2021).
 ■ In 2023, we continued to build upon the Talent Management best practices established since the 
merger, with over 80% of our white-collar employees completing all seven steps of their Employee 
Talent Journey   3.2.7 . We also continued to build upon our talent pipeline for the future, through 
talent identification and succession planning practices.
 ■ Through the redefinition of the Internal Mobility Rules, we are increasing job opportunity awareness 
for our employees, enabling them to more readily take on new challenges with our organization. This 
will also enable us to better enhance diversity and inclusion across our teams, which will accelerate 
change and drive performance.
 ■ Opportunity to strengthen employee self-development thanks to the integration of the new 
learning platform with an enhanced learning experience and mobile-ready platform, which aims to 
develop and anticipate the future strategic skills needed to grow our business. 
3.2.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS GRI 3-3
The entire Top Executive Team (TET) plays a vital role in building, reviewing and approving the top 
layers of the organization. The TET members worked, and continue to work, diligently with each other 
and their strategic Human Resources Business Partners on building, refining and improving the structure 
of their teams. Changes to the structure of their teams and talent placements are reviewed with the 
full TET, including the Chief Executive Officer, for discussion and approval in committee meetings that 
occur two times per month. For the layer under their direct reports, TET members discuss, review and 
share their proposals with the Chief Human Resources Officer for input and approval. These reviews 
occur semimonthly or monthly, based on the volume of changes, in a Strategy Council meeting or a 
dedicated HR committee meeting. 
These activities, with direct executive involvement, since 2021 led to the confirmation or creation of 
over 472 leadership teams, the appointment of over 4,534 leaders in Stellantis  (with 30% of 
positions held by women, versus 27% in 2022 and 24% in 2021, within the top three layers of the 
Company). Succession planning activities are managed to ensure that appropriate talent is available to 
fill critical or strategic managerial roles.
The Stellantis Talent identification process aims to search for diverse profiles and experiences, 
identify and look for talent within the organization, assign diverse talent to key positions, support 
new businesses, protect knowledge and knowhow, promote and develop local skills and objectively 
reward performance. The identified next career steps for employees, are discussed by leaders in the 
organization and used to create formal succession plans. These plans are a point of focus for the analysis 
of the Stellantis talent pipeline as well as the identification and execution of development actions. 
Succession plans for critical and strategic roles are based on meritocracy, performance, technical and 
leadership assessments and take into consideration the aspirations of employees. Succession plans are 
reviewed specifically with TET members and are monitored by a team of HR professionals dedicated 
to the support of talent activities. These plans also form the foundation of developmental activities for 
this population of high potential employees, with specific actions identified to increase readiness and 
prepare talent for future roles. 
Stellantis Learning Organization called the Stellantis Learning Hub operates at a global level in order 
to set the learning strategy, as well as design and deliver common strategic initiatives. The Stellantis 
Learning Hub also enables the extension of the global strategy into our regions, where global and local 
programs are delivered. Technical Academies offer learning opportunities through the development 
of designing and delivering technical skills and related training initiatives within their divisions. 
3.2.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 2-19  GRI 3-3
Talent Management 
Based on meritocracy and contributing directly to the corporate strategy, the Stellantis talent 
management approach seeks to diversify profiles and experiences  and to identify and look for 
talent within the organization. The focus on strategic skills allows the organization to identify the 
best match between future needs and current resources. A network of experts contributing to the 
Company’s technological roadmap is in place, whose mission is to identify the skills required according 
to the technical needs within the Company. This approach can be defined as “Talent to value”: we 
identify the roles that drive the performance and put our most talented people in the right roles.
100


Page 101:
At the heart of the global HR policy to manage skills, we set up a worldwide and cross organization 
governance of 15 Stellantis global job families. Our objective is to build the roadmap of technical 
strategic skills for current employability and future transformation. We kicked off the foundation of 
a global network of expertise with the Chief Technology Officer leadership gathering Senior Fellows 
and Fellows to drive technical innovation. This community will play a key role for research and 
experimentation, external relationships, and partnership to develop technical know-how aligned with 
the Dare Forward 2030 strategy  3.1 .
Stellantis Learning Transformation Policy 
Stellantis’ ambition is to create a widespread culture of continuous learning that leverages in-house 
experts and enhances learning in the flow of work and continuous development. This ambition is made 
possible by a strategy focused on two main axes:
1. progressively combine the "push" actions, recommended by the Company, with other "pulls", which 
leave full autonomy to people 
2. segment initiatives, learning methods and measures according to their purposes:
 ● Common ground, giving common identity while enhancing diversity. This includes initiatives 
related to common values, leadership behaviors, the rules that each of us must respect for safety 
and well-being.
 ● Employability, providing or reinforcing the technical skills necessary to work efficiently in the 
short and medium term. The academies are training organizations aimed at providing the best 
possible learning opportunities to specific job roles within a job family. Job families are professional 
jobs grouped by a set of common skills.The role of academies is fundamental for the design of the 
training offer in alignment with professional families.
 ● Enable the Future supporting the Dare Forward 2030 strategy by providing knowledge and 
skills needed to make it happen. Prepare for, for example, digital transformation, carbon zero 
processes and products, entrepreneurship and new ways of working  3.2.7 . 
Compensation Policy 
Stellantis’ compensation policy is designed to promote and reward those who achieve results based 
on leadership and performance. The Company benchmarks its compensation and benefits programs. 
We aim to offer consistent and fair compensation and benefits that are aligned with its overall business 
strategy. Stellantis commits to communicate to employees in every country, the various aspects of 
compensation, social benefits, health and disability insurance, personal development and working 
environment. As evidence of the ability of the employee representatives to reconcile cost control, 
competitiveness and rewarding performance, 168 salary agreements were signed (versus 174 in 2022 
and 62 in 2021). The Company’s compensation policy has three main objectives:  
1. reward performance  
2. provide an equitable, fair, competitive, market-driven compensation package  
3. attract and retain key talent. 
Our compensation policies and practices are designed to comply with applicable laws with a focus 
on diversity and inclusion. Compensation practices involving recruitment, promotions, annual salary 
reviews and incentive awards are reviewed for consistency across employee groups. Allegations of 
issues regarding eligibility or compensation actions are reviewed for further analysis, explanation and 
any eventual actions or resolution. 
A base salary is determined on the scope of job responsibilities, experience, performance and 
the competitive market. Collective variable compensation is a component of the comprehensive 
compensation programs offered by Stellantis. These collective programs target all categories of 
employees and aim to reward collective and individual performance while engaging employees in value 
creation for the Company. As a base benefit, Stellantis employees across the globe receive basic health 
care coverage through company insurance programs or from their local government health system 
where applicable.
Compensation & Benefits Practices - Living Wages 
We align with the United Nation’s Declaration of Human Rights principle that everyone has the right to 
a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of themselves and of their family. Workers 
deserve a living wage and fair pay brings benefits for families, communities and our business. Fair 
compensation means ensuring the pay for employees is set at a level that is both fair and livable 
and provides equal pay for equal work . A ‘Framework’ for fair compensation covers the overall 
compensation process. It provides a structured way for a company to outline how the various elements 
of their compensation packages deliver fair compensation to their employees. 
Our Framework applies globally and has several principles reflective of our commitment:  
 ■ fair and livable compensation 
 ■ market-based compensation 
 ■ no discrimination in compensation 
 ■ pay for performance 
 ■ good faith negotiation of compensation with recognized employee labor organizations. 
Long Term Incentive by gender
Year Women Men Total
Number of 
employees 
benefited
2023 461 1,633 2,094
2022 342 1,447 1,789
2021 366 1,554 1,920
% of employees 
covered by LTI
2023 0.86% 0.83% 0.83%
2022 0.62% 0.69% 0.68%
2021 0.64% 0.70% 0.69%
101


Page 102:
3.2.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 103-2  GRI 205-2  GRI 401-2  GRI 404-1
 ■ Global Leadership Development team 
The Global Leadership Development team is dedicated to the design, planning, education and 
governance of talent management and leadership development activities. The tools include, but 
are not limited to, assessment centers, coaching, mentoring and digital assessment tools . 
The team works closely with a global network of over 50 leadership development professionals 
specifically identified to coordinate and support talent activities within each regional organization 
and each global function. This global network works together to lead the execution of all talent 
activities with the operational facing HR teams around the world. 
 ■ Stellantis Learning Hub 
To support Stellantis' transformation to a sustainable mobility tech company, it is vital that 
employees learn continuously throughout their careers. The Stellantis Learning Hub is a new 
Stellantis organization dedicated to learning through a network of academies, learning communities 
and teams; an agile organization that leverages smart systems to:
 ● make knowledge available anytime, anywhere, right when it is needed
 ● connect diverse and distributed expertise and intelligence.
Central Hub sets the learning strategy and the learning ecosystem at a global level. It helps subject 
matter experts share their knowledge and design global programs across divisions, supporting talent 
development, business priorities and corporate transformation. 
Technical Academies collect technical needs and design Professional Family related training. The 
academies cover Engineering, Electrification, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing, Retail, Corporate, 
Data & Software, Purchasing & Supply Chain, ICT & Digital and Financial Services. They provide training 
programs related to current and future employability. 
Learning teams at the region and country level support the implementation of global strategies and 
initiatives. They also manage local challenges, rules and specific needs. 
The Company invested approximately €144 million in training during 2023 (versus €197 million in 2022), 
which is 0.78% of employee wage expenses (versus 1.13% in 2022), delivering around 2.9 million hours 
of training (versus 3.17 in 2022) to approximately 210,000 employees (versus 208,535 in 2022).
Year
Hours of 
training
Individual 
training courses 
provided to 
employees
Training 
investment per 
FTE (in €)
Average hours 
trained per FTE
Employees benefited 
from at least one 
training course 
during the year
2023 2,881,002 680,540 612 12 209,998
2022 3,175,783 662,540 809 13 208,535
2021 3,497,750 458,913 505 12,5 202,437
Training hours distribution per training area
Development 
of job-specific 
know-how
51.0%
Managerial 
skills
6.6%
Cross-cultural 
awareness and 
language skills 
6.5%
Corporate 
campaigns, rules 
and commitments
7.0%
 ■ Compensation and Benefits 
The overall Company’s compensation policy also includes the provision of a competitive employee 
benefits program in each of the countries, while controlling costs and meeting Stellantis’ social 
responsibility commitments. As the Company continues in the integration of the merger, an analysis 
of benefit programs globally is being conducted to harmonize and benchmark competitive market 
practices in each country. Refer to  3.1.7  for pension and saving schemes.
In 2023, Stellantis remained committed to recognizing the contributions of its white-collar employees 
through performance-based incentives. Approximately 57,000 individuals (versus 61,000 in 2022 and 
60,541 in 2021) received bonuses tied to both company and individual achievements (linked to annual 
appraisal) throughout the year. This program reinforces our dedication to recognizing and rewarding 
merit, driving motivation and engagement within our workforce.
Additionally, the Company expanded the profit sharing to 218,305 employees, with a total distribution 
of €2 billion. Stellantis offers Long-Term Incentives for specific top managers and key talent. It is 
a significant component as it is designed to attract, retain and motivate expert leaders and talent. 
Performance goals set for LTI compensation are aligned with the interests of shareholders and other 
stakeholders, goals include total shareholder return, synergies and CO2 emissions reductions. 
3.2.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS GRI 3-3  
From day one, we built the Stellantis family with our talents at its core and the ambition to:   
 ■ develop the right talents and skills for a sustainable transformation 
 ■ create the conditions for greater retention, attractiveness and performance. 
This is the reason why in 2022, Stellantis took an important step forward in the evolution of our talent 
strategy by launching a new program called BOOST: Building On Our Singular Talents. The BOOST 
program is intended to create a level of clarity and transparency to all employees on expectations and 
empower them to continue to grow and develop in their careers. The backbone of this program is the 
Employee Talent Journey.
102


Page 103:
Employee Talent Journey:  
The Stellantis Employee Talent Journey is how we work together to drive the performance of the 
organization through development and growth.
The Employee Talent Journey is based on seven main steps during the year.
Main steps of the employee talent journey
Employee Talent Journey
Step 1 Step 3 Step 5Step 2 Step 4 Step 6 Step 7
Annual 
Objectives
Career 
Planning
Technical 
Skills
Employee 
Aspirations
Leadership 
Behaviors
Development
Actions
Objective 
Reults
Your Journey. Your Way.
At the beginning of each year, managers and White Collar workers, identify objectives and related 
targets for the year. 
In the second step, managers and employees discuss employee’s aspirations and the local leadership 
behaviors in line with the Stellantis Leadership model.
Career planning is also considered in a dedicated phase; this is the opportunity for employees to 
identify concrete career steps for the future. Based on the employee's performance, aspirations, 
leadership behaviors, technical skills and experience, managers and employees discuss potential next 
positions for the employee and discuss what it will take to get there.
Behavior and Values  ratings based on our company values (Code of Conduct), which include 
management skills, are identified via an employee self-assessment of their strengths and focus areas, 
which is confirmed by their manager. 
Technical skills is another step dedicated to the key competencies of employees and their current and 
future employability within the Company. Technical skills libraries are identified by job families, referring 
to specific areas of employability called professions. The skill set includes a mix of skills needed to 
support both current employability and more strategic to enable our future. Employees can customize 
their profiles adding new competencies to complete their skills overview before starting the self-
assessment using a five-point rating scale. For employees, this is the opportunity to think about their 
current competencies and the new ones that they can develop to reach their aspirations. 
Development actions are then proposed by the IT system and managers and employees work 
together to identify the highest developmental priorities, defining concrete actions and resources to 
act on those priorities including training.  
Throughout the year employees work to reach the targets with managers supporting and providing 
feedback where needed. To aid in the growth and development of our employees, we have developed 
a series of assessment tools - a traditional 360 assessment, as well as two tools specifically for leaders 
and their teams - Leader Dynamics and Team Dynamics. All three of these assessments are centered 
around the Stellantis Leadership Values. The 360 assessment is an online tool that enables employees 
to get anonymous feedback from their managers, peers and direct reports/downstream customers, 
allowing them to get a holistic view of how they perform and deliver in their role. The Leader Dynamics 
assessment allows a leader to complete a self-assessment of their leadership style, which is then 
contrasted with responses to those same questions by their direct/indirect team. Finally, the Team 
Dynamics assessment allows for teams to better understand how they function as a cohesive unit. 
Whichever assessment is utilized, all three provide insight that can be used to inform their development 
and future growth. 
By submitting the results for the annual appraisal the employee certifies that they have been achieved 
their results in compliance with the Stellantis Code of Conduct and that any potential Conflict of Interest 
was disclosed.
Annual Appraisal completed  
by white collar employees 
96%
Onboarding
At Stellantis we welcome our new talents and make newcomers ready to be part of the company. All 
new talents start with Onboarding training, sharing our values and visions as well as to help them 
become committed members of Stellantis, a company in full transformation aimed at meeting the new 
mobility needs of our customers. At the start of 2023, we instituted a pilot program within one of our 
highest volume global organizations to measure the onboarding experience. Comprised of a survey 
sent to both the new hire and their manager, we measured both their recruitment/hiring process as 
well as their alignment with the organization – their team, their role, and the culture of Stellantis. We 
also created a curriculum for incomers including an onboarding presentation, code of conduct and 
speak up learning modules.
Internal Mobility 
Internal mobility is a way to enhance career progression while helping Stellantis meet strategic business 
needs with existing employee skill sets. In our transition to a mobility tech company, it is essential to 
utilize all the expertise that employees bring to the table. Building on our singular talent while finding 
fresh ways to contribute to the Company’s vision and success. “Be Mobile” is a program setting new 
internal mobility rules, providing visibility on internal opportunities; making our mobility journey more 
understandable and accessible. 
 
6,355 
open positions filled by 
internal candidates 
18% 
of open positions filled 
by internal candidates
103


Page 104:
Employer Branding 
In 2022 we reviewed our Talent Acquisition policy and tools  to ensure that our processes were 
bias-free and to attract diverse candidates from all over the world  3.3.7 . We are also working on 
the Stellantis Employee Value Proposition to define our unique employee proposition which will 
differentiate us from competitors and allow us to be selected as an employer of choice by external and 
internal candidates with skills critical for our success. 
New Era of Agility 
In 2023 the New Era of Agility project is active in 34 countries (versus 23 countries in 2022), allowing 
employees in engineering and central support functions to work remotely  3.4.6 . It allows greater 
usage of time and resources as well as accelerating digital transformation for better agility and 
efficiency. 
It is also a factor of attractiveness and new flexibility in talent acquisition. The combination of remote 
and on-site work with collective and collaborative spaces encourage interaction, cross-fertilization and 
the development of a sense of belonging within the Company. As mentioned before, the new challenge 
of hybrid work has been supported with a learning environment designed around the learner to give 
employees the opportunity to leverage resources needed at the right time.  
Learning activities 
Learning activities carried out in 2023 to support the Stellantis learning policy were: 
 ■ Consolidation of the Learning Organization  3.2.6 . 
 ■ Further development of the digital libraries for White Collar workers and the leadership team with 
more than 20,000 learning contents (online courses and videos)  
 ■ Learning Experience Platform has been enhanced, with the creation of communities, digital badge 
credentials allowing recognition of new skills gained through learning experiences, mobile app and 
gamified leaderboards
 ■ Enhancement of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) engine activated into this platform aimed at matching 
individual skill development needs with the right content to provide better recommendations and 
personalized curation of contents  
 ■ Creation and facilitation of a community of 90 curators to keep content updated and to engage the 
learner community 
 ■ Design and delivery of training pathways targeted to technical subject matter experts (Fellows) 
within the Expertise Program
The journey to being a tech mobility company requires new ways of learning that put each person at 
the center and consider different needs and goals. In 2023 several initiatives were provided.
Common Ground
Compliance courses generated 230,450 training actions in 2023 versus 200,000 in 2022:
 ■ Ethics Experience, Human Rights and Export Control launched
 ■ To be launched - Information protection, Data privacy, Insider trading policy 
Training on Human Rights
At Stellantis, we mandate a comprehensive human rights training for all employees (for White Collars it 
was launched in June 2023 and for Blue Collars a test was done in November 2023 to prepare the rollout 
in 2024), a reflection of our unwavering dedication to human dignity and equality in the workplace. 
This program meticulously educates our workforce on the definitions and potential consequences of 
human rights violations, instilling a deep understanding of Stellantis' commitment to worker's rights, 
zero tolerance for violence and harassment, anti-corruption, data privacy, respect for the individual, 
and staunch opposition to forced or child labor, along with the principles of fair pay and collective 
bargaining. 
Our training emphasizes the importance of speaking up through our Integrity Helpline, ensuring a 
secure method for reporting concerns. Reinforcement of these concepts is achieved via a quiz, and the 
program culminates with a self-certification to confirm each employee's comprehension and adherence 
to our Human Rights Policy, linking back to our internal Code of Conduct and the ILO's Fundamental 
Conventions to align our standards with international norms.
Values and Purpose programs:  driven by top managers who played the role of “leaders as teachers” 
involving more than 2,200 employees in highly engaging master classes: 
 ■ Diversity and Inclusion learning path: a strong curriculum of online courses and virtual classes aimed 
at building shared roots on diversity and inclusion on a global basis. Around 71,000 white collar 
employees successfully completed the program with an average Net Promoter Score of 58. Also, 
around 60,000 blue collar employees completed the dedicated Diversity and Inclusion learning path.
 ■ a new Stellantis onboarding e-learning was designed and deployed to white collar newcomers, with 
a global completion of more than 2,179 employees trained 
 ■ to accompany the new Wellbeing, Health and Safety strategy of the Company, a masterclass was 
organized on psychological safety. In October 2023, Stellantis launched a course on mental health. 
This first module will be followed by several others. 
 ■ two programs relating to mindfulness (approx 15 hours) were organized in France and South America, 
with 15O employees being trained.
Reskilling / Upskilling 
Enable the Future
 ■ New Era of Agility learning opportunity : Following completion of the 2022 learning path, 
additional focused master classes have been delivered in 2023 regarding hybrid work, wellbeing 
and collaboration. A game aimed at developing team dialogue on the NEA experience has been 
successfully pilot-tested within the first half of the year. A new digital offer, including the opportunity 
to get a badge, has been provided through the Learning Experience Platform.
 ■ Customer Centricity: An e-learning related to Customer Centricity is available for all white collar 
employees. More than 30,000 Stellantis employees were trained on this topic.
 ■ Green Mindset : a Climate School is available with a rich and dynamic set of resources, courses and 
initiatives related to the climate impact and green attitude. Since 2022, 26,248 employees were 
trained on this topic. 
104


Page 105:
Employability
 ■ Digital Transformation  Every white collar worker can choose from ten different assessments 
covering a wide range of digital-related topics. Based on results, they receive customized learning 
recommendations and, after successful completion, can obtain one or more badges. As of December 
2023, 3,863 employees have completed one or more courses in this channel.
 ■ Electrification  and Data & S oftware Academies initiatives
Top Competencies 
The safeguarding of internal careers is for example accomplished in France with the internal retraining 
program known as Top Competencies, through training paths that last between 18-24 months. This 
program supports employees who are changing professions or job family in cases of transformation 
or when linked to technological developments. In 2023, 864 employees (versus 754 in 2022) took part 
in retraining paths, with €432,000 spent (versus 747,000 in 2022). Around 56% of these employees 
(versus 55% in 2022) joined professions with new and rare skills  3.1 . 
Stellantis is preparing for the transformation of the Company into a tech company with the creation 
of two academies:
Data and Software Academy 
A software division was created as a standalone division in 2021 with the mission to develop new 
platforms and businesses that will propel future success. In order to staff the new Software Division, 
a recruitment effort was deployed in five main hubs, U.S., India, Italy, France and Germany, to 
provide software critical skills from the global tech labor market. The hiring process started in July 
2021 and allowed the onboarding of 300 newcomers, with the recruitment and onboarding of 761 
new employees in 2022 and a further 619 in 2023. Furthermore, a Data and Software Academy was 
launched in 2022 to upskill and reskill over 1,000 Stellantis employees per year in software professions 
and reconvert internal existing talents into skills critical for the Company in the future. The Data and 
Software Academy ambition is to feed Software teams with Stellantis employees who would have 
been identified and upskilled or reskilled to become data analysts or software engineers. The academy 
is training thousands of data citizens to deploy the data driven strategy across all divisions to make 
sure every team is making the most of data and to improve our employees’ employability by offering 
them new careers, certifications and new opportunities within the Company. 
The Data and Software Academy is also working on an innovative format to have content available 24 
hours a day, seven days a week by developing a virtual 3D online academy that is slated to launch 
in 2024. The idea of the virtual 3D academy is to propose a place that is accessible, at any time, using 
innovative technologies with a metaverse approach integrating a virtual reality experience to 
complement the experience and provide the feeling of being together with the teacher and colleagues. 
The learning offers that would be accessible based on this platform include virtual classes, forums 
to exchange with peers, talks, online content or workshops. We want this online academy to be the 
flagship of the Academy and to embody the tech positioning Stellantis is taking. It is also an opportunity 
to test the use of a metaverse world to be able to be more comfortable with this technology and 
extend it to other fields later.  
Electrification Academy 
A dedicated Electrification Academy has been created to support Stellantis’ strategic shift to new 
electrified business, as part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan. The Academy delivers global 
awareness campaigns and training programs around electrification and e-Mobility. The purpose 
is to spread up-to-date awareness among employees and engage them with the stakes of the energy 
transition, technologies, Stellantis’ strategy and the full customer ecosystem. 
Since 2022, as part of the global upskilling on electrification, more than 59,500 (versus 56,700 in 
2022) employees were trained on the global e-Mobility and electrification fundamentals, through 
e-learning modules. The first edition of Stellantis Electrification Days took place in 2023, to engage 
employees around the globe in the transformation of the company and the opportunities it creates 
for the future, through interactive sessions, specific communications in the plants, test drives and car 
exhibitions dedicated to our people.
In addition, 22,400 employees have been trained throughout 2023 on electrification-related topics within 
several professions, to adapt their skills, with 119,600 hours delivered (versus 14,500 employees trained 
with 94,000 hours delivered in 2022). Moreover, advanced upskill and reskill programs are in place to 
adapt competencies to electrification across job families, such as engineering, manufacturing 
and sales and marketing, by ensuring a high level of skills and boosting internal employability. 
AMAZON AND STELLANTIS COLLABORATION FOR CUSTOMER-CENTRIC 
CONNECTED EXPERIENCES  
Stellantis is accelerating its shift to becoming a sustainable mobility tech company. 
Stellantis and Amazon are collaborating to deploy Amazon’s technology and software 
expertise across Stellantis’ organization, including vehicle development, building 
connected in-vehicle experiences and training the next generation of automotive 
software engineers. Since 2022, 1,361 employees were trained on Amazon cloud related 
technologies 5. A new program was launched in July 2023 in partnership with Amazon: 
TechXelerate to support the tech transformation and develop employees’ skills around 
cloud, innovation and customer centricity amongst others. The Program delivers 4 
webinars every month to develop tech and cloud culture.
5 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/january/amazon-stellantis-collaborate-on-software-
solutions
105


Page 106:
SKILLS DEVELOPMENT ON E-POWERTRAIN 
In the field of Engineering, customized training paths combining e-learning, internal 
classes and also partnerships with universities are in place to feed the needs around 
e-Powertrain (Battery Electric Vehicles and Hydrogen Fuel Cell), and to facilitate the 
conversion from the Internal Combustion Engines (ICE) engineering curriculum. 
In 2023, 540 employees joined the e-Powertrain division, 94% through internal upskill 
and reskill programs, and 6% from external hiring. 
Engaging the universities 
Stellantis partners with several international universities to get the best knowledge and keep in touch 
with new talent. Among them: 
 ■ Polytechnic of Turin (Italy), University of Windsor (Canada) and McMaster University (Canada) with 
the direct support of Stellantis to the International Degree in Automotive Engineering but also direct 
collaboration in research and innovation projects 
 ■ University of Modena and Reggio Emilia (Italy) with the direct provision of mechanical vehicle design 
courses 
 ■ University of Trento (Italy), for the study and development of Cooperative driving assistance (ADAS) 
and autonomous driving (AD) enabled by Vehicle-to-everything (V2X) connectivity  
 ■ McMaster University (Canada), Ohio State University (U.S.) and Oakland University (U.S.) in the field 
of hybrid and electric vehicle technologies
 ■ Several universities in France in collaboration aimed at providing Stellantis with current PhD students 
working on activity of interest for the company for three years 
 ■ Polytechnics of Milan and Turin, University La Sapienza in Rome and Federico II in Naples (Italy) in 
collaboration aimed at providing Stellantis with current PhD students working on activity of interest 
for the company for three years.  
The Stellantis Star*Up Intrapreneurship Program
Star*Up, launched globally in 2021, is a program aimed at encouraging and transforming our employee’s 
ideas and promoting an intrapreneurship spirit within Stellantis. Employees are invited to submit their 
ideas and evaluation committees select the top ideas to enter a four-month incubation. Each project in 
incubation is accompanied by an internal coach and the participants are given training on innovation 
methods such as Design Thinking and Lean Startup, essential to achieve success of the project. At the 
end of the incubation, participants pitch their ideas to senior leadership at a global final. Winners of 
the finals enter a 9-to-12 month experimentation towards first customers and first revenues in the 
Business Accelerator. 
 940 
ideas 
submitted
104 
incubation participants 
and coaches
Identifying Livable Wage Amounts
Our principles to provide Fair and Livable Wages requires us to be aware of what a credible Living 
Wage amount is for each country in which we have employees. In some countries, however, there 
are different Living Wage amounts quoted by different organizations and often based on different 
criteria. To assist in determining an appropriate amount to use, the Company contracted the Fair Wage 
Network, an independent, recognized authority on fair and living wages, to provide a global solution. 
They have developed a global database composed of Living Wage amounts for over 200 countries and 
cities. The Living Wage amounts are based on cost of living data, local market surveys, government 
wage minimums, along with other organizations’ wage benchmarks.  
The Fair Wage Network will update their database on at least an annual basis to reflect any changes to 
Living Wage levels for each country based on inflation and improved data sources. 
Internal compliance monitoring of the Stellantis Fair Compensation Framework 
The HR lead in each country will be responsible for monitoring the compensation of its employees 
to comply with the Company’s Global Compensation’s framework of a Livable Wage, annually.  
Any adjustments necessary to comply will be addressed during annual salary reviews or where 
applicable through negotiations with employee representatives / Trade Unions.
106


Page 107:
3.2.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS GRI 3-3  GRI 202-1  GRI 405-2  GRI 412-2
Annual Appraisal by geographic area, gender and category*
Women Men
TotalYear Blue collars White collars Top Management Total Blue collars White collars Top Management Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 4,923 12,203 180 17,306 27,444 35,310 690 63,444 80,750
2022 4,976 11,179 148 16,303 28,021 37,763 476 66,260 82,563
2021 8,919 11,647 NA 20,566 49,986 40,340 NA 90,326 110,892
North America
2023 12 3,569 73 3,654 15 13,869 230 14,114 17,768
2022 164 3,689 72 3,925 8,921 14,303 231 23,455 27,380
2021 772 4,471 NA 5,243 3,391 18,367 NA 21,758 27,001
South America
2023 943 1,806 44 2,793 7,284 4,805 145 12,234 15,027
2022 949 1,820 5 2,774 6,499 5,198 34 11,731 14,505
2021 168 2,485 NA 2,653 970 5,953 NA 6,923 9,576
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 - 608 12 620 3 1,168 31 1,202 1,822
2022 - 638 1 639 - 1,203 10 1,213 1,852
2021 24 677 NA 701 259 1,257 NA 1,516 2,217
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 - 989 6 995 107 2,932 18 3,057 4,052
2022 - 917 3 920 114 2,448 15 2,577 3,497
2021 33 875 NA 908 364 2,832 NA 3,196 4,104
Total
2023 5,878 19,175 315 25,368 34,853 58,084 1,114 94,051 119,419
2022 6,089 18,243 229 24,561 43,555 60,915 766 105,236 129,797
2021 9,916 20,155 NA 30,071 54,970 68,749 NA 123,719 153,790
* In 2023 96% of white collars workers completed the annual appraisal process (versus 92% in 2022) (  3.2.7  for further information on BOOST program). The overall reduction in our population taking part in this process was due to a 
redistribution of blue collar talent across markets where annual performance appraisals are not part of blue collar contracts/agreements (annual appraisal in total workforce is 48% (versus 49% in 2022)). Stellantis values performance and strives 
to measure it across all of our employees, subject to deviations based on what is permissible within collective bargaining agreements and/or local legal restrictions. 
107


Page 108:
Employees trained by geographic area and age (employees trained at least 1 time)*
Year Up to 30 yo 31-50 yo Over 50 yo
Total of employees trained 
by geographic area
Enlarged Europe
2023 9,798 58,554 46,497 114,849
2022 9,335 56,922 40,915 107,172
2021 13,706 61,843 38,537 114,086
North America
2023 9,588 26,976 18,872 55,436
2022 12,632 33,821 21,884 68,337
2021 15,509 28,693 17,030 61,232
South America
2023 6,420 18,843 2,908 28,171
2022 5,460 17,506 2,394 25,360
2021 3,855 12,692 1,616 18,163
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 3,189 2,748 136 6,073
2022 1,429 1,577 114 3,120
2021 1,804 3,080 164 5,048
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 1,387 3,762 320 5,469
2022 778 3,477 291 4,546
2021 709 2,941 258 3,908
Total of 
employees 
trained by age
2023 30,382 110,883 68,733 209,998
2022 29,634 113,303 65,598 208,535
2021 35,583 109,249 57,605 202,437
* 2023 and 2022 data calculated in FTE, not comparable with 2021 data
108


Page 109:
Employees trained by geographic area by gender and category (employees trained at least 1 time)*
Blue collars White collars Top Management
TotalYear Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 10,721 54,365 65,086 12,069 37,034 49,103 156 504 600 114,849
2022 8,323 44,836 53,159 12,955 40,418 53,373 150 490 640 107,172
North America
2023 6,728 28,753 35,481 4,123 15,498 19,621 79 255 334 55,436
2022 11,311 35,698 47,009 4,408 16,616 21,024 74 230 304 68,337
South America
2023 3,865 17,007 20,872 1,985 5,268 7,253 5 41 46 28,171
2022 2,637 15,157 17,794 2,036 5,489 7,525 5 36 41 25,360
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 521 3,303 3,824 772 1,466 2,238 1 10 11 6,073
2022 124 794 918 778 1,413 2,191 1 10 11 3,120
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 26 614 640 1,223 3,574 4,797 8 24 32 5,469
2022 - 73 73 1,113 3,326 4,439 6 28 34 4,546
Total
2023 21,861 104,042 125,903 20,172 62,840 83,012 249 834 1,083 209,998
2022 33,535 146,235 179,770 29,393 93,068 122,461 329 1,124 1,453 303,684
* 2023 and 2022 data calculated in FTE, not comparable with 2021 data.
Employees trained by geographic area and training area*
Development 
of job-specific 
know-how
Managerial 
skills
Cross-cultural 
awareness and 
language skills
Wellbeing, 
Health & 
Safety
Rules and Commitment
Environment & 
Sustainability
Software & 
Digital Electrification TotalYear
of which 
code of 
conduct**
of which 
human 
rights
of which 
anti-
corruption Others
Enlarged Europe
2023 64,887 18,188 12,703 57,217 47,216 67,451 540 44,701 23,963 7,008 15,151 359,025
2022 77,344 20,878 14,420 36,341 36,238 42,957 7,699 51,918 4,557 28,135 37,588 358,076
North America
2023 33,236 16,531 1,087 32,149 21,367 33,530 14,024 18,872 10,479 2,093 10,029 193,397
2022 41,219 7,040 2,944 26,306 15,892 39,922 12,718 21,284 14,532 5,235 17,231 204,323
South America
2023 26,423 8,973 2,650 3,879 7,068 18,767 300 7,561 7,051 1,035 2,665 86,372
2022 9,487 22,492 3,118 3,217 5,883 8,034 916 7,335 1,821 2,290 4,205 68,798
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 2,183 736 771 487 2,061 5,310 81 1,962 1,458 237 360 15,646
2022 1,716 569 490 93 1,570 1,744 191 2,068 19 709 1,066 10,235
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 3,774 3,290 485 255 4,404 4,356 17 4,473 3,010 3,010 1,465 26,100
2022 2,472 2,580 329 285 3,231 3,928 510 3,844 167 923 2,839 21,108
Total of employees 
trained by type of 
training
2023 130,503 47,718 17,696 93,987 82,116 129,414 14,962 77,569 45,961 10,944 29,670 680,540
2022 132,239 53,559 21,301 66,242 62,814 96,585 22,034 86,449 21,096 37,292 62,929 662,540
* Data not comparable to 2021, as “training area” clusters changed in 2022 and data calculated in FTE.
** Code of Conduct, Speak-up, Ethical leadership classroom, whistle-blower process, Policies and Procedures.
109


Page 110:
Training hours by gender and training area*
Development 
of job-specific 
know-how
Managerial 
skills
Cross-cultural 
awareness and 
language skills
Wellbeing, 
Health & 
Safety
Rules and Commitment
Environment & 
Sustainability
Software & 
Digital Electrification TotalYear
of which 
code of 
conduct**
of which 
human 
rights
of which 
anti-
corruption Others
Women
2023 274,361 45,662 48,776 101,424 10,253 13,075 1,188 20,423 17,835 21,865 16,447 571,309
2022 362,430 20,621 62,970 56,156 7,118 29,986 2,654 23,518 6,046 29,014 24,340 624,854
Men
2023 1,194,086 143,369 138,528 411,588 33,623 57,326 4,325 61,198 71,944 81,497 112,209 2,309,693
2022 1,564,139 70,203 255,266 294,561 21,862 92,474 8,554 82,480 20,241 103,169 137,980 2,550,929
Total
2023 1,468,446 189,031 187,305 513,012 43,876 70,401 5,512 81,621 89,779 103,363 128,656 2,881,002
2022 1,926,569 90,824 218,236 350,717 28,980 122,460 11,208 105,998 26,287 132,184 162,320 3,175,783
Training hour 
distribution %
2023 50.97% 6.56% 6.50% 17.81% 1.52% 2.44% 0.19% 2.83% 3.12% 3.59% 4.47% 100.00%
2022 60.66% 2.86% 6.87% 11.04% 0.91% 3.86% 0.35% 3.34% 0.83% 4.16% 5.11% 100.00%
* Data not comparable to 2021, as “training area” clusters changed in 2022 and data calculated in FTE.
** Code of Conduct, Speak-up, Ethical leadership classroom, whistle-blower process, Policies and Procedures.
Average training hours by category and gender
Women Men Total
Blue collars 8.7 9.2 9.1
White collars 16.9 19.2 18.7
Top Management 18.1 15.1 15.8
Total 12 12.4 12
Comparison between Company entry-Level Salary* and Legal Minimum Wage by country
Country Year Ratio
Algeria 2023 2.01
Argentina 2023 1.84
Australia 2023 1.54
Austria 2023 1.30
Belgium 2023 1.12
Brazil 2023 1.10
Canada 2023 1.57
Chile 2023 1.01
Country Year Ratio
China 2023 1.00
Egypt 2023 5.57
France 2023 1.04
Germany 2023 1.44
Hungary 2023 1.11
India** 2023
Italy 2023 1.00
Japan 2023 3.13
Country Year Ratio
Malaysia 2023 1.88
Malta 2023 2.00
Mexico 2023 1.26
Morocco 2023 1.01
Netherlands 2023 1.25
Poland 2023 1.23
Portugal 2023 1.00
Russia 2023 3.80
Country Year Ratio
Serbia 2023 1.14
Slovakia 2023 1.33
South Korea 2023 1.45
Spain 2023 1.04
Turkey 2023 1.61
Ukraine 2023 4.18
United Kingdom 2023 1.00
United States 2023 2.50
* Same entry-level salary for men and women.
** No legal minimum wage for Stellantis employee category.
110


Page 111:
Defined-contribution pensions schemes by geographic area
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Annual amount of 
contribution in €
2023 118,833,436 698,629,128 530,497,425 21,330,933 2,186,512 1,371,477,435
2022 170,027,864 677,499,329 399,333 6,122,074 2,995,329 857,043,931
Number of employees 
benefited
2023 59,490 61,739 33,702 1,534 2,885 159,350
2022 78,629 67,748 840 2,592 1,357 151,166
Defined benefit pensions / other retirement schemes
Year Total
Defined benefit obligation at 
end of financial period (in M€)
2023 24,738.30
2022 27,077.06
Funds assets (in M€)
2023 22,944.30
2022 22,984.40
Number of employees 
benefited
2023 103,846
2022 112,254
Compensation gap
Year %
Ratio of salary gap between 
executive compensation and 
median salary
2023 22.12
2022 26.21
Compensation gap ratio of salary gap between CEO and median 
salary is included in the Stellantis Annual Report.
Profit sharing by geographic area
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Number of 
beneficiaries
2023 127,148 65,396 18,083 4,218 3,460 218,305
2022 137,459 45,672 27,730 4,584 3,185 218,630
Average amount  
in €
2023 2,804 10,225 1,177 729 643 4,818
2022 2,190 10,000 865 620 2,667 3,627
Total amount in €
2023 356,522,992 668,674,100 21,283,691 3,074,922 2,224,780 1,051,780,485
2022 301,035,210 456,720,000 23,986,450 2,842,080 8,494,395 793,078,135
111


Page 112:
Employee savings & stock ownership shareholders plan by Stellantis shares, by Diversified 
funds and by long term incentives
Year Total
Number of Stellantis shares 
(at 13.27€, December 2022)
2023 35,246,946
2022 28,683,751
Diversified funds (M€)
2023 316
2022 307
Employee savings without 
LTI (M€)
2023 962
2022 688
Employee benefits by geographic areas, type of benefits and gender (number of employee)
Supplementary retirement 
schemes
Company-provided  
health plans Life insurance Financial support for  
disability-invalidity
Others (interest-free loans, 
retirement plan)
Year Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 10,526 52,051 62,577 29,696 99,466 129,162 8,677 26,227 34,904 20,618 91784 112,402 8,433 20,314 28,747
2022 13,080 67,489 80,569 22,213 97,386 119,599 13,665 73,798 87,463 20,371 94,704 115,075 4,006 14,655 18,661
2021 11,719 57,263 68,982 15,423 73,355 88,778 5,938 24,436 30,374 18,907 90,326 109,233 3,885 16,639 20,524
North America
2023 5,946 19,929 25,875 21,516 51,109 72,625 23,430 72,111 95,541 16,941 42,486 59,427 5 22 27
2022 5,867 22,336 28,203 25,017 56,687 81,704 28,417 68,400 96,818 17,577 46,423 64,000 3 25 28
2021 6,807 25,372 32,179 17,917 48,651 66,568 19,441 70,245 89,686 17,984 51,475 69,459 12 284 296
South America
2023 1,066 4,177 5,243 6,333 22,768 29,101 6,306 21,874 28,180 47 136 183 245 225 470
2022 714 3,545 4,259 4,859 23,150 28,009 5,246 21,333 26,579 42 155 197 - - -
2021 9,495 42,221 51,716 36,152 50,345 86,497 6,396 27,434 33,830 564 2,077 2,641 7 157 164
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 184 983 1,167 1,053 3,614 4,667 664 1,118 1,782 518 803 1,321 - - -
2022 39 68 107 900 3,005 3,905 983 3,199 4,182 818 2,779 3,597 - - -
2021 11,146 44,381 55,527 2,707 10,955 13,662 19,223 1,925 21,148 579 2,715 3,293 44 153 197
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 45 86 131 798 2,700 3,498 1,110 3,438 4,548 497 2,256 2,753 26 7 33
2022 50 95 145 879 3,036 3,915 968 3,239 4,207 11 84 95 23 8 31
2021 77 143 220 800 2,517 3,317 878 2,459 3,337 5 20 25 620 1,046 1,666
Total
2023 17,767 77,226 94,993 59,396 179,657 239,053 40,187 124,768 164,955 38,621 137,465 176,086 8,709 20,568 29,277
2022 19,750 93,533 113,283 53,868 183,264 237,132 49,279 169,969 219,249 38,819 144,145 182,964 4,032 14,688 18,720
2021 39,244 169,380 208,624 72,999 185,823 258,822 51,876 126,499 178,375 38,039 146,613 184,651 4,568 18,279 22,847
% of employee 
benefits
2023 19% 81% 100% 25% 75% 100% 24% 76% 100% 22% 78% 100% 30% 70% 100%
2022 17% 83% 100% 23% 77% 100% 22% 78% 100% 21% 79% 100% 22% 78% 100%
2021 19% 81% 100% 28% 72% 100% 29% 71% 100% 21% 79% 100% 20% 80% 100%
112


Page 113:
Employee benefits by geographic area - type of benefits and gender (in €)
Supplementary retirement 
schemes
Company-provided  
health plans Life insurance Financial support for  
disability-invalidity
Others (interest-free loans, 
retirement plan)
Year Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 16,247,980 88,010,187 104,258,166 10,158,668 46,416,510 56,575,178 1,385,617.00 5,421,765.00 6,807,382.00 6,528,910 30,472,339 37,001,249 871,937 3,648,443 4,520,380
2022 24,539,699 149,314,251  173,853,950 10,979,252 49,716,513 60,695,764 1,188,881.00 5,571,907.00 6,760,789 10,194,107 52,510,078 62,704,185 581,176 3,460,187 4,041,363
2021 15,469,950 112,626,071  128,096,021 6,963,167 32,667,672 39,630,839 1,992,737 7,399,834 9,392,572 6,405,969 27,390,627 33,796,595 212,362 871,184 1,083,546
North America
2023 30,518,349 109,076,536 139,594,885 535,703,315 506,716,122 1,042,419,437 7,061,095.00 20,576,649.00 27,637,744.00 39,888,796 94,260,948 134,149,744 698,867 6,568,557 7,267,424
2022 16,783,924 53,021,343 69,805,267 501,680,931 533,190,586  1,034,871,517 6,823,712 14,514,497 21,338,209  109,756,135 45,298,169  155,054,304 210,921 4,540,409 4,751,330
2021 24,260,929 91,645,213  115,906,142 467,203,162  400,323,625  867,526,787 123,097 1,243,803 1,366,900 383,991 1,555,138 1,939,129 290,773 7,573,331 7,864,104
South America
2023 1,001,109 4,368,071 5,369,180 2,548,535 8,137,198 10,685,734 35,930.00 113,837.00 149,767.00 1,905 6,218 8,123 99,740 101,103 200,843
2022 1,197,182 6,226,229 7,423,411 2,175,895 8,657,506 10,833,402 254,652 1,031,206 1,285,858 1,730 9,940 11,670 133,569 128,331 261,900
2021 12,387,832 57,261,867 69,649,699 25,897,040 33,928,669 59,825,709 195,257 595,517 790,774 16,750 172,334 189,084 437,408 450,664 888,072
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 2,391,109 13,507,597 15,898,706 477,834 818,505 1,296,340 71,809.00 80,961.00 152,771.00 144,866 152,738 297,604 - - -
2022 40,026 83,608 123,634 355,582 673,784 1,029,366 93,216 251,862 345,078 154,595 348,678 503,274 - - -
2021 1,403,039 3,241,527 4,644,566 738,485 2,170,593 2,909,078 19,631 99,363 118,993 4,261 37,968 42,228 12,984 94,477 107,461
China and India 
& Asia Pacific
2023 220,315 646,844 867,159 304,754 1,186,293 1,491,047 91,512.00 302,999.00 394,511.00 19,371 82,243 101,614 4,520 1,217 5,737
2022 165,035 411,628 576,663 688,412 954,064 1,642,477 100,105 135,331 235,436 8,844 26,719 35,563 3,164 1,298 4,462
2021 298,865 795,233 1,094,098 311,780 992,265 1,304,046 70,066 234,379 304,445 7,075 35,895 42,970 141,595 241,356 382,950
Total
2023 50,378,862 215,609,234 265,988,096 549,193,107 563,274,629 1,112,467,736 8,645,964.00 26,496,211.00 35,142,175.00 46,583,849 124,974,486 171,558,334 1,675,064 10,319,319 11,994,383
2022 42,725,866 209,057,059  251,782,925 515,880,072  593,192,453 1,109,072,525 8,460,567 21,504,803 29,965,369  120,115,411 98,193,584 218,308,995 928,830 8,130,224 9,059,055
2021 53,820,615 265,569,911  319,390,526  501,113,634 470,082,824  971,196,458 2,400,788 9,572,896 11,973,684 6,818,045 29,191,961 36,010,006 1,095,121 9,231,012 10,326,133
% by type of 
benefits and 
gender
2023 19% 81% 100% 49% 51% 100% 25% 75% 100% 27% 73% 100% 14% 86% 100%
2022 17% 83% 100% 47% 53% 100% 28% 72% 100% 55% 45% 100% 10% 90% 100%
2021 17% 83% 100% 52% 48% 100% 20% 80% 100% 19% 81% 100% 11% 89% 100%
113


Page 114:
Supplementary Benefits by types of benefits and geographic area (number of employee)
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Childcare services
2023 185 2,464 334 - 691 3,674
2022 233 209 207 - 80 729
Parental Leave
2023 242 1,349 329 171 185 2,276
2022 260 693 157 183 196 1,489
Breast feeding
2023 30 26 15 19 113 203
2022 8,236 29 21 22 101 8,409
Others (Cafeteria, Lunch vouchers,  
gym, wellness, fitness services, hosing)
2023 73,443 75,894 29,235 1,023 2,877 182,472
2022 70,050 82,949 15,137 257 660 169,053
Total 2023 73,900 79,733 29,913 1,213 3,866 188,625
Supplementary Benefits by types of benefits and gender
Number of employee €
Women Men Total Women Men Total
Childcare services 1,642 2,032 3,674 452,716 520,902 973,618
Parental Leave 613 1,663 2,276 2,373,639 688,091 3,061,730
Breast feeding (facilities and time) 122 81 203 65,982 24,392 90,374
Others (Cafeteria, Lunch vouchers,  
gym, wellness, fitness services, hosing) 40,407 142,065 182,472 19,342,061 75,762,310 95,104,371
Total 42,784 145,841 188,625 22,234,398 76,995,695 99,230,093
Supplementary Benefits by types of benefits and geographic area (in €)
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Childcare services
2023 356,072 254,374 354,608 - 8,564 973,618
2022 347,266 250,839 149,594 - 39,748 787,447
Parental Leave
2023 1,036,772 983,566 678,108 286,784 76,500 3,061,730
2022 936,215 951,646 195,913 192,554 85,520 2,361,848
Breast feeding (facilities and time)
2023 68,374 - 3,137 15,914 2,949 90,374
2022 24,049 - 6,542 - - 30,591
Others (Cafeteria, Lunch vouchers,  
gym, wellness, fitness services, hosing)
2023 39,049,657 19,747,194 32,813,312 1,265,373 2,228,835 95,104,371
2022 38,873,526 80,012,673 17,268,327 533,331 340,326 137,000,000
Total
2023 40,510,874 20,985,134 33,849,165 1,568,071 2,316,848 99,230,093
2022 40,181,056 81,215,158 17,620,376 725,885 465,594 140,000,000
114


Page 115:
Remuneration changes
Year Total
Blue collars
2023 11%
2022 8%
White collars
2023 3%
2022 5%
Top Management
2023 5%
2022
Number of expatriate employees by gender and geographic area 
Year Women Men Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 13 58 71
2022 15 87 102
North America
2023 1 7 8
2022 1 4 5
South America
2023 - 2 2
2022 1 2 3
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 1 12 13
2022 1 18 19
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 3 24 27
2022 1 42 43
Total
2023 18 103 121
2022 19 153 172
2021 230
Number of countries with Expatriates
Year Total number of countries  
2023 29
2022 27
2021 35
3.3 DIVERSITY, INCLUSION AND EQUAL  
OPPORTUNITY  
3.3.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION GRI 3-3
CSR issue/challenge #6 Diversity and equal opportunity
Powered by our diversity, we lead the way the world moves. Diversity is a strength for Stellantis and 
we encourage a diverse and inclusive environment, celebrating the differences that our employees 
bring to work every day. Three guiding principles define our approach to Diversity and Inclusion (D&I):
1. Empower diversity through meritocracy : meritocracy is key in Stellantis to drive company 
performance.   
2. Respect for local traditions and context: understanding and respecting our employees and their 
backgrounds is key to driving a diverse and inclusive environment.  
3. Find global common ground considering regional specificities : we respect the specificities 
of each local context when deploying global strategy. From a global perspective, the Stellantis D&I 
strategy focuses on the dimensions related to gender, citizenship and generation.   
In 2023 we worked to strengthen our commitments to the advancement of women with several 
actions: 
 ■ Signing the United Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEP) committing to gender equality 
 ■ Launching the “Accelerate Women in Leadership” global development program to support women 
leaders in management and executive roles 
 ■ Increasing the number of women in leadership positions to 30% (compared to 27% in 2022) 
 ■ Improving membership in the Women of Stellantis, global employee resource group, by 10% 
 ■ Celebrating International Women’s Day through events and concrete actions (more than 50 
initiatives developed globally)
From a learning perspective, in 2023, we extended the Diversity and Inclusion training path (launched 
in 2022 for white collar employees) to the blue collar population, to ensure the entire workforce 
understand our D&I vision and commitment. 
Company’s public position 
Powered by our diversity we lead the way the world moves, this is our purpose. Diversity and inclusion 
are therefore intrinsic parts of our Company’s commitment to equality of opportunity. We work to 
offer our employees an inclusive work environment, where everyone can feel respected and valued. 
Stellantis publicly calls for the prevention of discrimination and the promotion of equal opportunities. 
Our Company’s commitments have been detailed in Company agreements, such as the Diversity and 
Inclusion Leadership Commitment, which was signed in 2022. Our commitment is underlined through 
our signing of the UN Global Compact as Stellantis on May 31, 2021.
115


Page 116:
3.3.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS GRI 3-3
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #6 Diversity and equal opportunity
VISION/AMBITION: Reinforce diversity, equal opportunities and inclusion as a strength for our teams and business by influencing the development of new ideas and solutions that will shape the future 
OWNER: Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
Workforce gender balance: % 
women in leadership position 
(L1-L2-L3)
>30% >35% >40% 24% 27% 30%
3.3.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES GRI 3-3
We identified the risks, in case our actions do not align with our commitments and identified the 
opportunities for our Company to sustain a diverse and inclusive environment.  
 ■ Inability to attract and retain diverse talent impacting our ability to innovate and adapt to our 
global customer needs and expectations. 
 ● By communicating our D&I strategy and commitments, we place D&I at the heart of our Employer 
Brand, the Company reputation as an employer and present Stellantis as an employer of choice 
to future talent. 
 ■ Potential of noncompliance with local regulations and cost of managing individual employee 
claims on the grounds of discrimination or harassment. 
 ● Our Code of Conduct states our commitment to compliance with all applicable local laws, with 
some commitments going beyond legislative requirements. In addition, we provide comprehensive 
employee training on D&I, for example, Unconscious Bias, Preventing Discrimination and 
Harassment. 
 ■ Difficulties when trying to build a global multicultural organization 
 ● Through a comprehensive Intercultural Learning and Awareness Program, we ensure that 
employees are equipped with the knowledge and skills to work with colleagues in a multicultural 
working environment. 
 ■ Difficulties when trying to integrate new generations 
 ● Through Mentoring and Reverse Mentoring programs, knowledge, experience and insights are 
shared between generations within the workplace.
Opportunities 
 ■ Increase agility to develop and adapt to social and industry transformations 
 ■ Improve capability to meet the evolving needs of our customers through diverse and representative 
teams 
 ■ Enhance employee motivation and engagement by maintaining a fair and inclusive workplace 
 ■ Optimize efficiency and leverage all talent and diversity, leading to greater performance and business 
sustainability 
 ■ Maintain and improve the Company's image and reputation due to progress with our action plan and 
achievement of our commitments 
 ■ Ability to attract and retain top talent through the development of a strong employer brand, which 
is closely aligned with our Diversity and Inclusion strategy.
116


Page 117:
3.3.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS GRI 3-3
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION ORGANIZATION
STELLANTIS SHAREHOLDERS
Executive board
Global Diversity  
Council
Regulations of Executive Board
Charter of diversity committee
Management framework for business /  
operational units
Set Diversity and Inclusion Goals
Track diverse representation metrics
Review Global and Regional Strategies
Regional Diversity 
Council
Key Activities
The Global Diversity Council is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and composed of the 
Stellantis Top Executive Team, some of whom also have the responsibility as Chairs of the Regional 
Diversity Councils for their region. The Council has the responsibility for setting the Company’s 
Diversity and Inclusion strategy in alignment with the overall business strategy and objectives. It 
provides governance and oversight on the delivery of the key Diversity and Inclusion actions and the 
effectiveness of the Diversity and Inclusion function.   
The Diversity and Inclusion Office  is responsible for defining and implementing the Company’s 
Diversity and Inclusion strategy on a global level and coordinating the extension of the global strategy 
into our regions and countries of operation. 
Within our regions, the Chief Operating Officer chairs the Regional Diversity Council. Each Regional 
Council is responsible for establishing the Regional Diversity and Inclusion strategy and associated 
action plans, whilst supporting the implementation of local Diversity and Inclusion action plans, 
ensuring that regional and local actions align with the global strategy.   
Moreover, collective bargaining agreements, established in collaboration with our Social Partners, 
state our commitments on diversity and inclusion, with a focus on the elimination of discrimination and 
the promotion of diversity.
3.3.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 3-3
We seek to promote a diverse and inclusive environment where we respect the different characteristics 
of our employees, including but not restricted to, gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual 
orientation and disability. The Stellantis D&I strategy reinforces our commitment to providing equality 
and fairness to all in our employment, based on merit and our zero-tolerance approach to all forms 
of unlawful and unfair discrimination (as also committed equal treatment and non-discrimination in our 
Human Rights Policy). 
The strategy shares our diversity and inclusion aspirations in relation to our customers, our employees, 
our future talent, our leadership and the communities where we are located, while setting up the key 
areas of our approach:
 ■ commitment: building a diverse and inclusive workspace that aims for stronger employee 
engagement, leading to greater business sustainability
 ■ learning and awareness: ensuring all employees have equal access to training and development 
opportunities, and a specific learning and awareness program to raise awareness on key diversity 
and inclusion topics
 ■ employee voice: understanding the importance of employee voice and creating channels for them 
to be heard
 ■ employer brand: ensuring we reach a diverse audience with our employment opportunities and 
ensure that our selection processes are free of bias.
Code of Conduct   
The Stellantis Code of Conduct (CoC) sets out the principles and requirements that employees are 
expected to respect in relation to diversity and inclusion, when interacting with colleagues, customers, 
suppliers, visitors and other business partners (82,116 employees trained in 2023 versus 62,814 in 2022).   
The Code of Conduct expresses the Company's commitment to maintaining a fair and inclusive 
workplace, free from favoritism, violence, sexual and non-sexual harassment , or any kind of 
discrimination including, but not limited to, age, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religion or 
disability. The Company promotes equal employment opportunity and diversity, where everyone is 
valued for their contributions to the Company.   
Collective Bargaining Agreements   
Stellantis has voluntarily formalized its actions in favor of diversity in its social dialogue. On an 
international scale, the Collective Bargaining Agreements on Social Responsibility are committed 
to exceeding local legal requirements in applying and promoting the fight against racism, sexism, 
xenophobia and homophobia and, more generally, against intolerance of differences and safeguarding 
respect for privacy. 
Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Commitment 
In 2022 our Company commitment to D&I was detailed and signed in the “Diversity & Inclusion 
Leadership Commitment”. During 2023 this commitment was published to our employees and 
translated in 23 main languages. 
117


Page 118:
3.3.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3
Stellantis recognizes the value of engaging with and involving employees in our diversity and 
inclusion journey and has supported the establishment of a wide range of Resource Groups across 
the organization. These resource groups undertake multicultural learning opportunities, mentoring 
and networking events, community outreach initiatives, charitable activities and contribute to the 
development and improvement of HR policies and processes across the Company. We believe that 
employees actively participating in Resource Groups, contribute to developing a diverse and inclusive 
working environment.  
Two resource groups are currently active at a global level within Stellantis: 
 ■ Women of Stellantis: the group focuses on the promotion of gender equality and inclusion within 
the workplace. The group is present in 37 countries, and significantly contributes to the Company’s 
cultural transformation. 
 ■ DIVERSE•abilities Network: the group supports, represents and advocates for the global disability 
community through knowledge sharing, capacity building, promoting accessibility in all forms, and 
fostering resilience whilst eliminating stigma and barriers surrounding disability.  
Employees can find news, initiatives and useful materials related to D&I both on internal channels 
and on the Stellantis website. A glossary is published on the Stellantis Hub intranet site to provide a 
common guide on D&I terminology used in all regions, as well as a link to register for company D&I 
events and training programs. 
BUSINESS RESOURCE GROUPS
In Stellantis, BRGs are very active in the U.S., including Asians Connected Together (ACT), 
DIVERSE•abilities Network (DaN), the Indigenous Cultural Opportunity Network (ICON), 
Latins in Connection (LinC), Middle Eastern Employees Together (MEET), Prism LGBTQ+ 
Alliance, Stellantis African Ancestry Network Diaspora (STAAND), Stellantis Veterans 
Group (SVG), Women in Manufacturing (WiM), Women of Stellantis (WoS) and the 
Working Parents Network (WPN).
Canada also has an active BRG called the Canadian Women’s Alliance, with Mexico 
running both Women of Stellantis Mexico and Grupo Motor.   
In South America, BRGs include “Nossa Voz” (Our Voice), for Race and Ethnicity, 
“Inclua” (Include) for PwD, “PertenSer” (Belong/Be) for LGBTQIAPN+ and Gender, which 
converged to the Women of Stellantis local chapter, with an ecosystem of executive 
sponsors, technical areas representatives and volunteers that add up to more than 200 
volunteer employees from Brazil, Argentina and Chile.
In the UK, 19 individuals, in addition to 26 Wellbeing Coordinators and managers in 
the U.S., have been trained as Mental Health First Aiders (MHFA) to support fellow 
employees who require assistance with issues impacting their mental health. The MHFA 
provide support and guidance for employees and encourage conversations around 
mental health and wellbeing  3.4.7 . This initiative has been borne out of the RUOK? 
(Are You OK?) group, an employee-led group, created to support the mental health and 
wellbeing of employees. 
3.3.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS  
AND RESULTS GRI 3-3  GRI 405-1  GRI 2-27  
As set out in our Code of Conduct, Stellantis is committed to gender equality, and is aligned with the 
vision of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal on Gender Equality. 
With this commitment, the Company shares its intention to adopt business practices that support 
gender equality and empower women within the Stellantis organization, globally and across the 
automotive industry. These include, among others, processes to ensure equity and fairness in the 
determination of compensation levels (blue collars average wages for women is 0.91% of average 
wages for men (versus 0.94 in 2022) and 0.91% for white collars (versus 0.91 in 2022), annual salary 
reviews and promotions; provision of flexible working opportunities to support work-life balance 
arrangements; and events to foster interest in technical careers among women6.  
In 2023, Stellantis earned a number of recognition awards within the US. The Company achieved 
a top score of 100 on the annual Disability Equality Index (DEI), a comprehensive benchmarking 
tool offered jointly by Disability:IN and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) that 
helps companies build focused and measurable strategies that support disability inclusion and equality 
in the workplace. Stellantis was also recognized by Fair360 (formerly known as DiversityInc) at #30 
on their annual list of Top 50 Companies for Diversity, as well as being named on Fair360 specialty 
lists: #2 for Supplier Diversity and #17 for Black Executives. The Rainbow PUSH Automotive Diversity 
Project recognized Stellantis at #2 among 12 other automakers in 2023. In South America, Stellantis was 
recognized as one of the Most Inclusive Companies in the 2023 Automotive Business Ranking.
In 2023 Stellantis was also listed as #33 in the top 100 FTSE Diversity & Inclusion Index.
6 We've shifted from country-level data to individual-based reporting. While this may make direct year-over-year 
comparison difficult, it offers more granular detail enabling targeted initiatives for greater compensation equity.
118


Page 119:
Global Development Initiatives & Awareness
In 2023, several Stellantis organizations promoted coaching and mentoring programs at a global and 
regional level. All proposed programs follow a purposefully structured internal engagement strategy 
that connects individuals into ongoing professional learning and development relationships. The main 
purpose of mentoring programs is to be an enabler and a development accelerator for:
 ■ Diversity & Inclusion: pairing and connecting mentors and mentees across gender, generation, 
nationalities, countries and cross-functions, creating a more inclusive work environment that 
promotes exposure and interaction opportunities for people with diverse backgrounds
 ■ Career development: creating awareness on main challenges, goals and experiences to undertake in 
order to unleash individuals' full potential and enable career progression  
 ■ Core Values dissemination and Leadership behaviors development.
E-coaching programs are available for talent and Top Managers and are based on the Stellantis 
Leadership Behaviors model. In partnership with “CoachHub”, more than 3,000 experienced coaches 
were available for our managers, covering 60 languages in more than 70 countries. 110 employees 
participated in coaching initiatives.
Programs were developed for leaders, including masterclasses which provided high impact, interactive 
sessions, that introduced our leaders to a variety of topics to further develop their awareness on 
inclusive leadership and build the interpersonal skills needed to thrive in a global, hybrid workplace. 
The “Leadership Fundamentals” program (launched in North America, South America and Europe) 
involved around 2,600 managers and focused on inclusive leadership, key management behaviors for 
new managers and mental health. The RISE Leadership program was also developed as a flagship 
program to support our leaders at a global level, to embrace our purpose and values, encourage a 
tech mindset and build our new era of mobility within the Dare Forward 2030 strategy. 583 Stellantis 
managers attended the program in 2023. 
A diverse global team of Inclusion Ambassadors was implemented in 2023 with an objective to 
work across the business to educate, engage, advocate, increase knowledge and feedback on diversity 
and inclusion initiatives.
Also, in 2023, we extended the D&I training path (launched in 2022 for white collar employees) to the 
blue collar population, to ensure the entire workforce understand our D&I vision and commitment. 
About 60,200 Blue collars completed the course.
The "Global D&I Month" took place in October, with actions taking place throughout the regions 
to celebrate diversity. Along with the Talent Management team, a Cognitive Diversity workshop 
framework was shared with leaders to enable them to talk about diversity with all employees. In South 
America, 57 teams continued with engagement, team building and development actions.  
D&I AWARENESS
In 2023 Stellantis continued a D&I awareness program within Manufacturing Plants in 
South America, involving all plants in the region. 880 employees participated in listening 
group sessions conducted by the National Service for Industrial Learning (SENAI). 
Diverse topics were addressed, such as gender, ethnicity, generation, citizenship, 
disability and LGBTQ+. 
During the year, a Sign Language course for 307 employees was organized and 
mentoring programs for Plant leaders were held to share experiences and best practices 
(56 mentoring meetings were organized for 147 leaders). In addition, D&I coffee talks 
with Plant managers and a webinar on Diversity in Mobility were delivered. In total, 
about 1,620 employees were directly involved in these actions.
Citizenship 
Stellantis celebrated the UN “World Day for Cultural Diversity for Dialogue and Development”, 
highlighting the significant role of diversity and inclusion in achieving its transformation to a mobility 
tech company. Several initiatives were developed at global and regional levels on how to work 
effectively across cultures.  
Stellantis employees represent more than 160 nationalities across six regions and are supported 
with a cohesive corporate learning strategy. Since 2021 Stellantis employees have: 
 ■ Created more than 22,200 unique profiles in the Country Navigator cultural learning tool dedicated 
to Intercultural Awareness, which provides employees with the knowledge, skills and confidence 
to effectively communicate and collaborate with global colleagues, enabling a truly borderless 
workplace. 
 ■ Nearly 41,000 employees have completed assessments in SPEEXX in non-native languages and 
recommended corresponding training paths.
 ■ Completed robust diversity and inclusion training through the D&I Learning Path (nearly 71,000 
white collar employees), which focused on the definition of diversity, how to encourage inclusion, 
the global D&I strategy, unconscious bias and microaggressions in the workplace.
Diverse programs were launched during 2023 to support leaders in managing international teams 
working remotely. 
Leading Global Teams, a leadership program to inspire global leaders and enhance their inclusive 
leadership skills continued in 2023 with 77 Global Leaders from different functions and countries. The 
program is composed of six main elements, each with specific objectives: understanding Stellantis D&I 
culture, developing inclusive leadership behaviors and dealing with diverse teams, leveraging leading 
mindset changes using diversity as a positive force, recognizing the value of cognitive diversity, learning 
inclusive communication behaviors and being effective advocates for diversity in the Company. 
At regional level, the “Diverse Culture Sharing and Celebration Salon” series program was launched in 
China to celebrate important festivals in different cultures and support employees working in global 
teams to strengthen understanding and collaboration among diverse functions and citizenships. 382 
employees participated in this program.
119


Page 120:
Gender  
In 2023 several actions were taken to strengthen Stellantis’ commitment to promoting gender diversity 
and professional equality. The Company considers the gender balance of its core businesses and 
key positions as a fundamental objective of its responsible and sustainable development and of its 
employees’ quality of life at work. In 2023 21.28% of Stellantis employees are women (versus 20.79% 
in 2022). In 2023, women represented 30% of leadership positions (L1-L2-L3)7 (versus 27% in 2022) 
and 31.4% of hiring with all employee categories combined (versus 30.2% in 2022). 
During International Women’s Day in March 2023, Stellantis joined the global campaign #EmbraceEquity 
by strengthening its commitment to Women’s advancement with the signature of the UN Women’s 
Empowerment Principles (WEP). Over 50 initiatives to sustain gender equity took place at a Global 
and Regional level, focusing on our global D&I pillars: commitment, learning and awareness, employee 
voice and employer brand. 
UN WEP
Following the signature of the UN WEP, a global project team of representatives from 
diverse functions and specialisms across Stellantis was created, together with leaders 
from Women of Stellantis and the regional D&I leaders. A comprehensive gap analysis 
was undertaken on both a global and regional scale to ascertain Stellantis’ position 
against the 7 WEP principles. The outcome demonstrated key focus areas, within which 
we have created priority action plans to address during the forthcoming year.
In line with the Company strategy to become a sustainable mobility tech company, we monitor 
the percentage of women in our core STEM functions: Software, ICT, Engineering, Manufacturing 
Engineering. There are 15.4% women in these functions (versus 15.9% in 2022). At a regional level 
initiatives were developed to sustain women in STEM from an employer brand perspective: for 
example, in Italy female engineering employees spoke at both the Politecnico in Turin and in middle 
schools in the country about the importance of STEM training for women, telling the students about 
their experience at Stellantis. Around 1,200 students attended these events. 
In 2023 the “Accelerate Women in Leadership” (AWL) global development program continued, involving 
around 140 female talents with a program that focuses on Impact and Influence, Career Management 
and Strategic Acumen. Midway through the program, the cohort awarded an average Net Promoter 
Score of 67. 
In order to meet our 2030 Women in Leadership goal, we will continue to increase the proportion of 
women in our total workforce and to support women's empowerment through different initiatives. 
7  Hierarchical position below CEO excluding assistants
Stellantis is committed to supporting women's empowerment through different initiatives:
"Donna - Professione Ingegnera" 
STEM initiative with PoliTO encouraging the presence of women in the scientific and technological 
sectors. Focused on Women and STEM professions, to motivate and engage women students in 
science, technology, engineering, mathematics and manufacturing careers
“Women’s Leadership Experience” 
An award winning career development program in North America that includes executive coaching, 
business projects and a specially designed curriculum to empower, inspire and sustain women in their 
career path progression and prepare them for leadership opportunities.
“X-Factor Women’s Executive Development Program” 
A leadership program in North America designed to accelerate the development of high-potential 
women and prepare them for executive leadership roles, utilizing formal training, coaching, mentoring, 
speaking engagements, and professional organization membership. 
Female Universe 
Program delivered in South American Plants, focusing on women needs in order to make their presence 
at work more “comfortable” for practical female needs. Dedicated spaces are in place, where women 
can find clean uniforms, healthcare and hygienic products. 
Diverse Development Programs  
In South America programs like Diverse Engineering, Female Team Leaders and Women in Tech sustain 
gender and generation diversity in technical areas, and striving for gender balance on internship, 
apprenticeship and career acceleration programs, such as “Rocket”, which saw 58 women in the 2023 
cohort.
WOMEN OF STELLANTIS
The “Women of Stellantis” is the first global business resource group within Stellantis 
with a member base of over 5,500 employees worldwide (men and women), a 10% 
increase in member growth year-over-year. The group acts as a think tank contributing 
to business issues and cultural change while encouraging members to be advocates 
of tomorrow’s Company, through key management or expertise positions. In 2023, 
the Women of Stellantis global team organized global efforts around International 
Women’s Day and International Day of the Girl, as well as hosting a virtual leadership 
series highlighting female executives around the world. Women of Stellantis groups in 
each business region also hosted more than 180 events to support local initiatives and 
professional and personal growth opportunities. 
120


Page 121:
Race & Ethnicity 
Stellantis has developed several programs and policies specifically supporting ethnically 
underrepresented populations, with 51.3% of diverse ethnicities being hired in total workforce in 
the U.S. in 2023 (versus 43% in 2022). In 2022, the Black Leaders Advancement Collective (BLAC) 
leadership development program was launched to prepare emerging diverse talent for leadership 
opportunities. Since inception, 19 employees have graduated from the program. The Company also 
partners with the Black Automotive Media Group (BAMG) to provide The Driving Force internships 
for Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) students studying in media, marketing and 
business, and has been the exclusive sponsor of the National Black MBA Association (NBMBAA) 
Graduate Student Case Competition since 1995. 
Launched in 2021 in the US, the National Black Supplier Development Program  continued this 
year, in collaboration with the National Business League (NBL), to develop Black suppliers for future 
contracting and procurement opportunities in the pursuit of greater racial equity in the marketplace. 
The Stellantis-NBL National Black Supplier Development Program will support the development of 
Black businesses around the country and internationally for future opportunities within the federal 
government and public and private sectors.  
In line with UN Declaration on the Rights of indigenous Peoples and international legal framework, 
Stellantis makes significant efforts to respect, include and promote local communities in its work. In 
2023, Stellantis was recognized as a Top 50 Workplace for Indigenous STEM Professionals in 
North America by Winds of Change magazine for the fourth consecutive year. The Company was 
also recognized as one of the Top 50 Best Employers for Latinas in the United States (#8) by LATINA 
Style magazine, and was recognized with a five-star rating for Governance by the Hispanic Association 
on Corporate Responsibility (HACR) for the second year in a row. The annual HACR survey measures 
Hispanic inclusion in corporate America and assesses companies to help identify opportunities for 
growth in their Hispanic diversity and inclusion practices 8. 
Within our North America (US) and South America (Brazil) regions, we also set ethnicity targets 
to assist with overcoming CSR challenge #6. Our aim for 2023 is to have 23% of ethnically diverse 
individuals within L1-L2-L3 positions in North America, compared to 21% in 2022. For Brazil, our 
target is to have 13.5% of ethnically diverse individuals within L1-L2-L3 positions during 2023, 
compared to 9.6% in 2022.
8 https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.do?id=25382&mid=2
Generations working together 
Stellantis seeks to strengthen the place of more experienced employees and considers them an 
advantage for the Company’s success. Through mentoring programs, the Company encourages 
knowledge sharing , developing leaders who model inclusion through trust, transparency and 
feedback. The collaboration of multiple generations is considered as an asset for social cohesion 
and business performance. In South America, the “40+ Internship Program” intends to enhance this 
achievement and to challenge ageism for new talent. To attract the next generation of talent into the 
automotive industry the Company has several programs in place  3.1.7 .
On a regional basis, countries such as India, Brazil and China have specific projects focused on attracting 
candidates directly from university campuses in order to meet our future skills requirements in 
areas such as software and digital technologies. For example, in Brazil 20 recently graduated female 
Engineers attended the two-year “Young Talents program”. In India from 2022, the Company worked 
on the National Employability Enhancement Scheme (NEEM) program in collaboration with the 
Government, recruiting and providing the under-skilled youth much-needed exposure and training 
to acquire the finer skills. Those hired under the NEEM program continued with their training during 
2023. In Argentina, the “Female Team Leaders” program also contributed to gender and generation 
diversity with 9 women leading shop floor units in Cordoba and Palomar plants. In 2023, Stellantis was, 
once again, certified on the “HappyIndex Trainees” list, initiated by “Choose my company”, placing 
9th in the “world” category. This rewards companies that have particularly distinguished themselves in 
welcoming its trainees, apprentices and Volunteer International Experience (VIE) within its institutions. 
Disability 
Stellantis policy regarding social and occupational inclusion of people with disabilities is enacted 
worldwide through various collective agreements with the goal of keeping workers with disabilities 
employed, carrying out preventive actions and promoting their integration into the workplace. Taking 
such an approach benefits everyone as well as the Company’s performance and includes: 
 ■ offering employment opportunities to individuals with disabilities 
 ■ supporting the inclusion of employees with a disability by raising awareness among employees 
throughout the year and by reinforcing the training of managers and trainers 
 ■ taking action to support and retain employees with disabilities and maintain them in their jobs by 
providing adjusted work solutions or specially adapted workstations 
 ■ improving awareness of collective agreements and of measures in favor of the workers  
concerned (local disability correspondent, social service, medical service, human resources function, 
management, employee representatives and employees) and by setting up preventive measures. 
The DIVERSE•abilities Network is one of the company’s global Business Resource Groups (BRGs), aiming to 
support employees with disabilities, employees who are caregivers of family members with disabilities, and 
employees responsible for the care of elder loved ones by providing resources, support networks, training 
and development programs to increase awareness and minimize stigma about disability in the workplace.  
121


Page 122:
LGBTQ+ 
Our LGBTQ+ resource groups are committed to sustaining LGBTQ+ employees through learning, 
mentoring and talent development initiatives. 
Stellantis demonstrates the Company's commitment to LGBTQ+ employees, customers and communities 
with a variety of events and programs throughout the year. Detroit (U.S.) is home to one of the U.S.’ 
largest Pride month celebrations with the colors of the rainbow in full display in June at Motor City 
Pride, the annual two-day festival and parade that is the largest LGBTQ+ gathering in Michigan. In 2023 
Stellantis and the Jeep brand were the presenting sponsors of Pride festivals and parades in Detroit, 
Toledo and Chicago. Stellantis manufacturing facilities across North America show their support by 
raising the Pride Rainbow flag throughout June, and the headquarters building in Michigan lights up in 
purple for National Coming Out Day and Spirit Day in October.
In North America, the Prism LGBTQ+ Alliance BRG, established in 2003, welcomes employees and 
allies to participate in activities throughout the year and is a key partner to Stellantis brands. Prism 
has been instrumental in helping to create and promote branded LGBTQ+ merchandise including 
clothing, accessories, and vehicle trim options. The group counts more than 350 members and two 
Senior Executive sponsors. In South America, the “PertenSer/PerteneSer” BRG has built momentum 
for the communities. During 2022 Stellantis signed the “LGBTI+ Business and Rights Forum” in Brazil, 
with the South America LGBQIA+ resource group highlighting the challenges and driving initiatives 
such as Pride Week. 
To emphasize our commitment to equal treatment for all employees, we are adapting our global 
policies, ensuring that elements such as LGBTQ+ are taken into consideration. For example, our 
Stellantis International Expatriate Policy now explicitly asks that individuals who identify as LGBTQ+ 
flag this during the process to ensure that they and their family members can be provided with tailored 
information and advice to aid in making informed decisions regarding potential assignments. 
Parenthood 
Stellantis takes parenthood into account as part of its respect for gender equality in the workplace 
to prevent discrimination and promote diversity. By supporting a work environment that encourages 
employees to return to work after maternity or paternity leave, Stellantis helps employees who are 
parents to achieve a better work-life balance  for example by providing childcare or education 
subsidies for children or by signing work-life balance agreements (to reduce working hours, change 
work schedules through different alternatives to ease family care or provide job sharing opportunities).  
It also ensures employees are informed about the possible parental leave options, depending on the 
legislation, encouraging both mothers and fathers to take advantage of it. In some countries, the 
Company offers improved maternity leave conditions compared to the national ones by offering 
better economic conditions, including enhancements to maternity and paternity pay (e.g., in the U.S., 
UK and UAE) or by providing the option to extend the period of leave (e.g., in Argentina and Mexico). 
In 2023 Stellantis provided its primary caregivers 34,796 and non primary caregivers 15,476 paid 
weeks off.
In many Company sites, lactation rooms are available to support mothers that are back at work and 
want to continue breastfeeding. At the country level, for example in Spain, flexible breastfeeding leave 
options are also available (by hour or accumulation in full days).  
Different benefits to support parents and their families are active at a country level (e.g., reimbursement 
of kindergarten or babysitting; Scholarship and family care programs, health insurance for family 
members). Flexible working time is also possible thanks to the New Era of Agility (NEA) project that 
allows eligible employees to work remotely  3.4.6 . 
Domestic Partner Benefits are available to both same-sex and opposite-sex partners at country level. 
We recognize family trends are changing and domestic partner benefits meet the needs of a diverse 
and dynamic workforce as well as the expectations of prospective employees.  
In 2023, a new benefit was introduced for U.S. salaried employees through Carrot Fertility, providing 
resources to make parenthood more accessible to everyone. Eligible employees have access to inclusive 
fertility healthcare, family-forming benefits, and education support including fertility health, assisted 
reproduction, adoption, gestational surrogacy, pregnancy, and menopause support. 
DONATIONS OF HOLIDAYS
On top of the public regulation, Stellantis has a proactive approach with its social 
partners, for example in order to support working parents. A company agreement was 
signed in 2014 in France with all trade unions to establish an innovative social cohesion 
system based on the values of solidarity and mutual assistance. 
Under this agreement, employees can donate days off to parents with a sick child, 
anonymously and without receiving anything in return. The donated days are banked 
in a Solidarity Fund created for this purpose and is managed by the workplace social 
services. In 2016 a new agreement extended the program to spouses, common-law 
spouses and partners. Starting in 2020, another agreement extends this program to 
employees who are caregivers of a dependent or disabled relative. This program has 
received a strong response. 
In 2023, 181 days have been donated (versus 192 days in 2022). 424 days (versus 384 in 
2022) were granted to 33 employees (versus 27 in 2022) to help them cope with a variety 
of situations including illness, disability or accidents. 
122


Page 123:
3.3.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS GRI 405-1  GRI 405-2
Parental Leave by gender
Number Year Men Women Total
Parental leave 
entitled
2023 28,297 6,349 34,646
2022 22,219 9,303 31,522
2021 16,202 5,883 22,085
Parental leave 
used
2023 5,425 2,107 7,532
2022 4,249 7,515 11,764
2021 3,967 2,877 6,844
Back to work after 
parental leave 
(in the reporting 
period only)
2023 5,164 1,370 6,534
2022 3,997 1,397 5,394
2021 3,093 1,326 4,419
Top executive by age and gender*
Up to 30 years 31 to 50 years Over 50 years Total
Year Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total Women Men Total
Top executive 
team
2023 - - - - 3 3 5 25 30 5 28 33
2022 - - - - 5 5 5 26 31 5 31 36
2021 - - - 1 7 8 5 24 29 6 31 37
* CEO, SVPs and Deputies are not appearing in the table above.
123


Page 124:
Ethnicity - Stellantis in the U.S. (%)
Year
White
2023 54.8%
2022 55.7%
Black/African 
American
2023 36.7%
2022 36.1%
Asian / Pacific 
Islander
2023 3.8%
2022 3.5%
Hispanic / Latino
2023 3.5%
2022 3.6%
American Indian / 
Alaskan Native
2023 0.3%
2022 0.3%
Do not wish to 
identify
2023 0.9%
2022 0.9%
Workforce by geographic area, gender and age
Women Men
Total
Year Up to 30 yo 31-50 yo Over 50 yo Total Up to 30 yo 31-50 yo Over 50 yo Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 2,497 13,406 9,486 25,389 8,316 46,716 51,867 106,899 132,288
2022 2,350 14,350 9,560 26,260 8,173 51,124 53,448 112,745 139,005
2021 2,864 16,572 8,659 28,095 9,707 62,295 50,710 122,712 150,807
North America
2023 2,327 10,983 6,631 19,941 8,324 27,952 22,994 59,270 79,211
2022 2,845 11,375 6,814 21,034 10,450 29,959 24,529 64,938 85,972
2021 3,820 12,576 6,212 22,608 12,743 33,102 22,836 68,681 91,289
South America
2023 2,148 3,372 277 5,797 4,225 14,557 3,704 22,486 28,283
2022 1,949 3,237 249 5,435 4,700 15,401 3,430 23,531 28,966
2021 1,515 3,116 187 4,818 5,199 16,626 2,709 24,534 29,352
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 662 415 27 1,104 2,451 2,020 104 4,575 5,679
2022 642 449 25 1,116 2,271 1,803 121 4,195 5,311
2021 729 502 49 1,280 2,676 1,838 189 4,703 5,983
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 379 755 47 1,181 1,227 2,796 277 4,300 5,481
2022 274 716 46 1,036 874 2,490 278 3,642 4,678
2021 192 732 40 964 655 2,324 221 3,200 4,164
Total
2023 8,013 29,931 16,468 53,412 24,543 94,041 78,946 197,530 250,942
2022 8,060 30,127 16,694 54,881 26,468 100,777 81,806 209,051 263,932
2021 9,120 33,498 15,147 57,765 30,980 116,185 76,665 223,830 281,595
124


Page 125:
Workforce by geographic area, gender and type of contracts
Women Men
Total
Year Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Total Fixed-term contract Permanent contract Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 2,693 22,696 25,389 5,815 101,084 106,899 132,288
2022 2,009 24,251 26,260 4,885 107,860 112,745 139,005
2021 2,087 26,008 28,095 4,866 117,846 122,712 150,807
North America
2023 2,668 17,273 19,941 6,080 53,190 59,270 79,211
2022 2,689 18,345 21,034 6,107 58,831 64,938 85,972
2021 2,932 19,676 22,608 6,864 61,817 68,681 91,289
South America
2023 588 5,209 5,797 1,139 21,347 22,486 28,283
2022 498 4,937 5,435 1,106 22,425 23,531 28,966
2021 135 4,683 4,818 808 23,726 24,534 29,352
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 283 821 1,104 1,433 3,142 4,575 5,679
2022 188 928 1,116 1,066 3,129 4,195 5,311
2021 339 941 1,280 2,286 2,417 4,703 5,983
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 252 929 1,181 840 3,460 4,300 5,481
2022 174 862 1,036 536 3,106 3,642 4,678
2021 114 850 964 455 2,745 3,200 4,164
Total
2023 6,484 46,928 53,412 15,307 182,223 197,530 250,942
2022 5,558 49,323 54,881 13,700 195,351 209,051 263,932
2021 5,607 52,158 57,765 15,279 208,551 223,830 281,595
125


Page 126:
Workforce by geographic area, gender and category
Women Men
Total
Year Blue collars White collars Top Management Total Blue collars White collars Top Management Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 13,267 11,967 155 25,389 69,555 36,838 506 106,899 132,288
2022 13,061 13,051 148 26,260 72,088 40,162 495 112,745 139,005
2021 28,094 122,713 150,807
North America
2023 15,590 4,267 84 19,941 44,463 14,529 278 59,270 79,211
2022 16,958 4,004 72 21,034 49,457 15,250 231 64,938 85,972
2021 22,608 68,681 91,289
South America
2023 4,038 1,754 5 5,797 17,661 4,783 42 22,486 28,283
2022 3,500 1,930 5 5,435 18,301 5,195 35 23,531 26,699
2021 4,818 24,534 29,352
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 490 613 1 1,104 3,372 1,198 5 4,575 5,679
2022 418 697 1 1,116 2,907 1,278 10 4,195 5,311
2021 1,280 4,703 5,983
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 40 1,133 8 1,181 893 3,384 23 4,300 4,548
2022 22 1,008 6 1,036 546 3,071 25 3,642 4,678
2021 964 3,200 4,164
Total
2023 33,425 19,734 253 53,412 135,944 60,732 854 197,530 250,942
2022 33,959 20,690 232 54,881 143,299 64,956 796 209,051 263,932
2021 57,764 223,831 281,595
126


Page 127:
Employees with disability by category, geographic area and gender
Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Year Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Women Men Total
Blue collars
2023 946 3,791 202 527 202 1,032 - 6 - - 1,350 5,356 6,706
2022 1,010 4,044 212 557 140 964 2 5 - 1 1,364 5,571 6,935
2021 1,135 4,283 249 2,424 114 1,043 2 5 - - 1,500 7,755 9,255
White collars
2023 425 1,028 49 234 11 69 2 5 - 3 487 1,339 1,826
2022 449 1,105 49 256 11 70 2 6 - 2 511 1,439 1,950
2021 416 1,122 91 364 23 76 3 11 - 2 533 1,575 2,108
Total
2023 1,371 4,819 251 761 213 1,101 2 11 - 3 1,837 6,695 8,532
2022 1,459 5,149 261 813 151 1,034 4 11 - 3 1,875 7,010 8,885
2021 1,551 5,405 340 2,788 137 1,119 5 16 - 2 2,033 9,330 11,363
Year Women (%) Men (%) Women (%) Men (%) Women (%) Men (%) Women (%) Men (%) Women (%) Men (%) Women (%) Men (%)
%
2023 22% 78% 25% 75% 16% 84% 16% 84% 0% 100% 22% 78% 100%
2022 22% 78% 24% 76% 13% 87% 27% 73% 0% 100% 21% 79%
100%
2021 22% 78% 11% 89% 11% 89% 24% 76% 0% 100% 18% 82%
127


Page 128:
Nationality by category and gender
Categories Year Women Men Total of nationalities 
by category
Blue collars
2023 85 133 137
2022 82 134 138
2021 81 130 134
White collars
2023 85 122 132
2022 92 127 135
2021 100 143 149
Top Management
2023 18 29 33
2022 19 30 35
2021 NA NA NA
Total nationalities by 
gender
2023 113 153 160
2022 117 155 162
2021 124 163 170
Number of managers with 
the nationality of the host 
country
2023 11,728 40,733 52,461
2022 8,130 30,251 38,381
% of managers with the 
nationality of the host 
country
2023 94% 96% 95%
2022 70% 72% 72%
% of women in Top Management by age group
Year Under 30 yo 31 to 50 years old Over 50 years old
Top Management 
(EVP, SVP, VP)
2023 -% 25% 17%
2022 -% 31% 18%
Female / Male wage* and bonus ratio by category
Year Mean wage Median wage Mean bonus Median bonus
Blue collars
2023 0.91 0.90
2022 0.94 0.92
2021 0.94 NA
White collars
2023 0.91 0.93 0.85 0.91
2022 0.91 0.92
2021 0.91 NA
Top Management
2023 0.95 0.96 0.85 0.92
2022 0.89 0.90
2021 NA NA
Global gender 
wage ratio
2023 0.91 0.91 0.85 0.91
2022 0.93 0.92
* Annual basic salary (annual gross wage) only significant countries (over 300 employees in the category measured). 
We've shifted from country-level data to individual-based reporting. While this may make direct year-over-year 
comparison difficult, it offers more granular detail enabling targeted initiatives for greater compensation equity.
128


Page 129:
3.4 HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING  
IN THE WORKPLACE 
3.4.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION GRI 2-29  GRI 3-3  
CSR issue/challenge #7 Health, safety and wellbeing in the workplace
Employee workplace wellbeing, health and safety is an increasing societal demand and a top priority 
for Stellantis. We attend to employee safety, health and wellbeing by applying a methodical approach 
that involves stakeholders, employees, employee representatives, the medical community and 
management. 
After establishing the Stellantis Wellbeing, Health, and Safety policy in 2021, this year Stellantis 
continued to implement programs designed to bring the policy to life. Examples in 2023 are the addition 
of a “wellbeing day” to use when an employee needs it and the addition of fertility benefits in North 
America. Stellantis has put its people at the center of everything we do, using safety, health and 
ergonomics as a foundation on which to build wellbeing. 
Successful implementation of these programs will provide a competitive advantage in terms of 
absenteeism, reduced compensation costs, employee retention and motivation and therefore company 
performance. This is a strong driver of our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan related to its “Care” pillar 
and our ambition to be a great company to work for. 
We innovate by challenging the status quo, such as remote working (New Era of Agility) encouraged 
where applicable to reduce CO 2 emissions associated with employee commutes and to expand 
wellbeing in the workplace, improve efficiency and quality of life by encouraging work-life balance. 
Company’s public position 
The Company allocates resources (e.g., standards, safe equipment and workstations, people, employee 
assistance programs) for an approach that goes beyond health at work and contributes to healthy 
choices and lifestyle. It supports the “Healthy Workplaces” initiative promoted by the European Union 
and the World Health Organization (WHO), as well as similar initiatives in the U.S. 
Stellantis’ commitment is demonstrated in the Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy, as well as in several 
collective bargaining agreements. 
3.4.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS GRI 3-3
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #7 Health, safety and wellbeing in the workplace
VISION/AMBITION: Create a safe and engaging work environment promoting employees’ health and wellbeing at work for a greater work life balance 
OWNER: Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2024) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
Lost-time injury frequency rate 
[LTIR /1,000,000 hwkd]
<1 <1 <1 1 1.25 0.95
3.4.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES GRI 3-3
For a company, Health and Safety performance at work has a direct impact on employee 
absenteeism and thus on the ability to operate and on labor costs through lower productivity 
by loss of working time, cost of occupational illnesses, etc. It can also affect the Company's reputation, 
impact staff morale or increase operating costs through fines and other contingent liabilities. It is seen 
as an ethical responsibility, that is good for our people and good for our business. 
Risks: 
 ■ Physical Safety risks 
Manufacturing facilities, if not properly managed, can potentially expose employees to risks that 
could lead to injury or illness. Effective Risk Management and Reduction procedures are in place 
to identify and correct activities in the workplace that can lead to injury and illness.  
 ■ Mental Health risks 
Mental health risks encompass a wide array of conditions that lead to business risk and employee 
concerns. Risk Analysis has widened and now includes the protection of the risks to which an 
129


Page 130:
employee could be exposed as a result of their mission, including expanding protection from 
psychosocial risks beyond European Operations. Addressing these risks results in a decrease in 
absenteeism, workplace violence and potential self-harm, but also in an increase of psychological 
safety, wellbeing and motivation of the employees. 
 ■ Regulatory risks 
As a global company, Stellantis operates in jurisdictions that regulate health and safety. These 
regulatory requirements vary across the regions  in which Stellantis operates. It is important 
to know these requirements to avoid noncompliance and the potential for fines or other 
enforcement actions. 
The Company’s actions and innovations to mitigate these risks:  
Stellantis is committed to prevent health and safety risks at work. Stellantis prioritizes preventing 
fatality, disability, injury and illness by completing risk analysis to identify workplace hazards and 
potential exposures (including hazardous substances), identification of stress sources and implementing 
containment and countermeasures such as job redesign to permanently reduce the identified risks. 
Stellantis promotes wellbeing, health and safety to support and enhance a healthy and engaged 
workforce. An effective management system provides efficient and simple standards for critical hazards 
and follows up with a global audit process to ensure implementation. This management system puts 
employees at the center of the solution so that each contributes to improving the workplace. 
Opportunities: 
The Stellantis Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy is based on the conviction that our actions have 
a significant impact on many critical domains. It is a fundamental aspect of our social responsibility 
towards our employees and all the people working in our 
facilities as well as the mark of the Company’s respect for each of the individuals who are part of it: 
 ■ bringing to life the Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy can improve the social climate and embodies 
our corporate values and its impact on our people’s sense of belonging;
 ● Caring for our people is essential to our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan as a strong driver 
to become a great company to work for. Being able to understand employee experiences and to 
identify our strengths and areas of improvement allows us to contribute to the Company growth 
and performance. That is the reason a new wave of our global employee survey  3.1.7  was 
launched in May 2023, followed by further editions. The results of these surveys provide us with 
critical data, at the global, local and team level, to drive improvement and strengthen our 
Company. 
 ● The first dedicated global survey on mental health and psychosocial risks   3.4.7  was 
implemented in early 2023 to provide managers, HR and health and safety specialists with 
accurate and relevant data worldwide. This was an opportunity to raise awareness and break the 
taboo on Mental Health, as well as to make a risk assessment available.
 ■ taking care of our people and acting to reduce injuries has direct and positive consequences on 
absenteeism, which is important for all our operations;
 ● In keeping with safety industry thought leaders, Stellantis has shifted focus to concentrate on 
the prevention of life altering injuries in its facilities. The identification of the true root cause 
of these life changing injuries, known as Serious Injuries and Fatalities (SIF), and incidents that 
could have resulted in a life changing injury but did not, known as potential Serious Injuries 
and Fatalities (pSIF), is required in each Stellantis location. All manufacturing locations have 
been trained on how to identify a pSIF incident so that measures could be put in place to prevent 
future similar incidents. 
 ■ acting to promote wellbeing and motivation, as well as psychological safety, through global and local 
actions is also a strong lever to improve productivity, quality, innovation and the capability of our 
workforce to adapt positively to current and future challenges we will have to face and changes we 
will have to create. 
3.4.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION  
BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS   
GRI 3-3
 
GRI 403-1
 
GRI 403-8
 
GRI 413-1
The governance process is overseen by the Strategy Council. In monthly business reviews the results 
related to wellbeing, health and safety are presented and discussed with the analysis of the impact on 
operations. Those indicators include safety results and responses to employee surveys.
WELLBEING, HEALTH AND SAFETY GOVERNANCE
Validation of the WHS Policy
Standards Operations
Systems Program implementation
Internal WHS Audit Site WHS Management
Joint Management /  
Worker H&S Committees
Corporate WHS Audit
WHS Executive Council
Wellbeing, Health, and Safety 
(WHS)
Corporate WHS Regional WHS
Audit and Compliance
 Human Resources and 
Transformation
130


Page 131:
The Corporate Wellbeing Health and Safety (WHS) organization ensures proper coordination of WHS 
activities, processes and targets throughout the regional Stellantis organizations. In each region, a 
Wellbeing, Health and Safety leader is appointed and is in charge of contributing to the global policy, 
implementing the actions, supporting the operations in the region and providing the regional top 
management with results and analysis. All WHS leaders and plant managers are evaluated against 
those results. Because the Health and Safety domain is part of the Stellantis Production Way 
management system  3.4.6  key Health & Safety indicators of the manufacturing operations include 
Health and Safety related indicators, among which are Total Recordable Injury Rate, Lost Time Injury 
Rate, Serious Injuries, and absenteeism. 
JOINT HEALTH AND SAFETY COMMITTEE
In North America, U.S. and Canada, weekly meetings are held to review changes in 
employee safety activities, procedural updates and other opportunities for improvement 
are undertaken by the Joint Health and Safety Committee comprised of representative of 
Management and Labor Union.
The dialogue concerning improvement of employee health and safety with employee representative 
bodies, in accordance with current laws and the collective bargaining agreements, has continued. 
In most host countries, joint management-worker organizations are in charge of monitoring the 
application of employee health and safety practices. 95% (versus 92% in 2022) of Company employees 
are represented by 254 joint management-worker health and safety committees (versus 266 in 2022).
3.4.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 3-3  GRI 403-4   
 GRI 403-6  GRI 403-8
We Care for the Future  is one of four core values of Stellantis . Care extends not only to the 
environment, but also to our people. Managers are accountable for the wellbeing and motivation 
of their teams . In fact, this is one of the leadership behaviors by which Stellantis managers are 
evaluated and is a direct demonstration of the Company’s commitment to the betterment of our 
employee’s lives. Caring for our people is part of our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan to build a great 
company to work for.  
Our commitments related to wellbeing, health and safety are also grounded in several Company policies: 
 ■ The Code of Conduct with commitments about protecting our workforce that refers to ensuring 
health and safety and promoting wellbeing and a healthy lifestyle. 
 ■ The Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy is defined as part of the Human Resources ambitions for 
Stellantis. This formal document was signed by Carlos Tavares and all Executive Vice Presidents and 
communicated to all employees in October 2021. Our WHS Policy applies to all Stellantis employees 
working remote and on-site and Non-Stellantis employees at Stellantis facilities including temporary 
agency workers, contractors and visitors. 
Acting in a proactive and structured mode and building our Wellbeing, Health and Safety program will 
be a competitive advantage for the Company. We aspire to achieve world class levels of health and 
safety for everyone, everywhere, every time. 
We act to: 
 ■ prevent fatality, disability, injury and illness 
 ■ promote health and safety to support and enhance a healthy and engaged workforce 
 ■ empower everyone so that each contributes to improvement of the workplace 
 ■ deploy an efficient management system to provide strong standards, measure our results and 
impacts and support our continuous improvement. 
In order to live up to our Wellbeing, Health and Safety policy, Stellantis created a wellbeing and 
motivation program, labeled “We All Care”, based on five pillars that highlight the priority levers on 
which to act  3.4.7 . 
Health and safety agreements 
Stellantis is committed to implement the best occupational health and safety standards and practices 
and has made health and safety a top priority. This commitment is demonstrated in the Wellbeing, Health 
and Safety Policy, as well as in several national Company agreements with employee representatives. 
Each year, health and safety agreements are signed in the countries where the Company operates. 
There were 58 health and safety agreements signed in 2023 (versus 22 in 2022). 
3.4.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3  GRI 403-2   
 GRI 403-3  GRI 403-4  GRI 403-5  
Stellantis wants global health and safety standards to be fully implemented no matter where in the 
world we operate.  
The Stellantis Production Way (SPW), Health and Safety domain (Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System) is dedicated to improving health and safety in a systematic manner by involving 
the entire manufacturing organization and encompassing all phases of production. It includes a 
combination of preventive measures and collaboration of employees. 
 ■ Employees are involved through training that focuses on the importance of safeguarding health and 
safety; complying with policies and procedures; and promoting appropriate prevention behaviors 
across all organizational levels and roles. 
Workers are also engaged in initiatives designed to increase safety awareness and participate in a 
comprehensive system for gathering feedback and suggestions. Through the Work-Related Alert and 
Safety Conversation tools, useful and implementable ideas are put into practice, shared across multiple 
facilities, with the project owners recognized for their involvement. 
The SPW Health and Safety domain applies risk management and reduction , both on a routine 
and non-routine basis, with the purpose of singling out major risk areas and implementing preventive 
action plans. Risk areas include physical, ergonomic, chemical and psychosocial risks. If injuries and 
illnesses do happen Stellantis takes a learning approach to discover all causal factors and implement 
corrective actions. The Hierarchy of Controls methodology is then used to determine the proper 
countermeasures. Supervisors and managers are expected to continually work to reduce risk level of 
their top risks and to assess the daily mood of their employees.
Psychosocial risks, including work-related stress, are common in the industry. Stellantis has a 
common methodology, based on data, to assess psychosocial risks in a common and comparable way.  
131


Page 132:
This methodology comes in addition to the regulatory requirements if any in the area. A strong training 
process is in progress, starting with an e-learning about mental health dedicated to all employees and 
launched in October 2023  3.4.7  to allow each employee and each manager to address psychosocial 
risks and take care of any critical situation. Efforts are implemented to increase the percentage of 
employees having access to Employee Assistance Programs covering Mental Health and psychosocial 
concerns. In addition to existing programs, new Employee Assistance Program has been launched in 
2023 in Malaysia (new EAP programs in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, and China in 2022).
The multilayer strategy related to Mental Health takes into account anonymous feedback of 
employees and mental health survey results, provides information to managers, HR and WHS teams, 
includes Health teams, assesses work related risks and ensures available resources are known and 
accessible to all. Health teams involvement in Mental Health is progressively growing and includes the 
implementation of an individual screening tool to start the talk on Mental Health, as well as any internal 
or external referral if appropriate. 
Based on the SPW Health and Safety domain, the Global Care Management System (GCMS) is an 
integrated management system that recognizes not all processes designed for manufacturing work in 
a non-manufacturing setting, while also comprehending that much of the Health and Safety domain 
requirements are in fact, universal. The GCMS concerns every person that works on Stellantis sites, 
including employees of service provider companies. This Global Care Management System and SPW 
are being progressively implemented in the Stellantis operations and cover 242,225 employees at the 
end of 2023.
The way this is accomplished is by testing the applicability of each requirement to determine if it does 
apply, does not apply or must be adapted to fit the non-manufacturing setting. This ensures that 
wellbeing, health and safety are considered , planned and implemented everyday at Stellantis 
operations. 
Stellantis Production Way System
STELLANTIS PRODUCTION WAY 
Manufacturing
Health 
and Safety 
Fundamentals
Clarification 
Documents
Applicability Filter
GLOBAL CARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM  
 Non-Manufacturing
Warehouse requirements
Retail requirements
R&D Centers requirements
All Other Non-manufacturing 
requirements
With the Global Care Management System, Stellantis is compliant with the occupational health and 
safety recommendations of the International Labour Organization (ILO OSH 2001) and performs 
its obligations in all countries. Encompassing ISO 45001 requirements, the GCMS is a means to assess, 
monitor and manage risks systematically. 
There are 37 European and 21 North American sites that have an Occupational Health and Safety 
Management Systems certified according to ISO 45001:2018 standard. 
As an additional control, an internal auditing program has been established. The audit scope includes 
activities that are most likely to produce SIF and pSIF incidents, safety, health, ergonomics and wellbeing. 
The 453 audits of Stellantis sites were completed in 2023. Regions and Audit and Compliance 
conducted audits.
Worker representatives are involved in Stellantis health and safety processes. Areas where worker 
representatives participate in health and safety processes include, but are not limited to, incident 
reviews, job risk analysis, safety observation tours and periodic health and safety reviews. Where 
there are formal joint management worker health and safety committees, there are no bargaining unit 
workers that are not represented by these committees. 
Safety resources 
Each manufacturing unit in Stellantis is staffed with qualified safety professionals to ensure not 
only that our facilities are in regulatory compliance but also to develop capability in our teams to 
identify and manage safety risk. Non-manufacturing locations, such as the retail Stellantis & You 
organization also have dedicated safety resources to manage the unique safety risks associated 
with non-manufacturing activities. In total, there are 446 (versus 314 in 2022) employees dedicated 
to assuring safety in Stellantis facilities. 
Medical resources
Fulfilling requirements of local regulations, that differ from country to country, a team of 610 physicians 
and 613 nurses focus on prevention, occupational follow up, emergency care and health promotion. 
Local workers at all Stellantis sites have access to medical resources. Stellantis believes that health 
must be taken as a holistic matter and achieving occupational health goals requires improvement of the 
comprehensive health of the employee. 
Prevention covers the activities dedicated to occupational risks and exposure assessment 
related to any health consequence from work activities. Occupational follow up includes monitoring, 
examinations to check for exposure consequence, assess fitness to work and any potential limitations. 
It includes individual follow up by physicians, trained nurses, physiotherapists, and/or psychologists to 
consider early symptoms, either physical or psychological, before requiring long or complex treatment 
and fosters sustainable employability. 
Stellantis Health teams are dedicated to the care of employees while respecting their right to 
confidentiality and professional secrecy. The health-related information collected through internal 
occupational Health services is kept under the responsibility of the physician in charge, supported by 
the country Health coordination. Many countries implement an IT solution to store them, implement and 
monitor the Occupational Health processes. Each IT solution is compliant with the country regulation. 
Emergency care is organized in every facility with internal resources or external support to address 
critical medical situations. 
132


Page 133:
Ergonomics: strong asset 
The team of 81 Stellantis ergonomists works with the objective of promoting ergonomics to improve 
employees working conditions and overall efficiency within the Company. This team is divided into 
three sub-teams: 
 ■ the Trade Ergonomists team is responsible for standards development and ensuring the deployment 
of the Company’s guidelines and tools 
 ■ the Project Ergonomists team works with manufacturing engineering to ensure that ergonomic 
standards are met when purchasing and installing new equipment and new programs 
 ■ the Site Ergonomists team analyzes and improves ergonomics at their respective facilities. 
The objective of each team is to design a user interface adapted to physical capabilities, to prevent the 
deterioration of working conditions and its consequences both on individuals e.g., health, particularly 
musculoskeletal diseases and on the related costs for Stellantis such as loss of full-time equivalents, 
cost of occupational diseases, etc. 
3.4.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS  
AND RESULTS 
GRI 3-3
 
GRI 403-2
 
GRI 403-5
 
  
GRI 403-6
 
GRI 403-9
Training and prevention programs
There are mandatory training and certification requirements targeted to operations and facilities. 
We provide health and safety protocols and recommendations regardless of where the workplace is 
located, on-site, home or remote working locations.  
Based on accident analysis and risk assessment, specific training programs are developed and deployed 
at all sites. In 2023, 513,012 hours of training were dedicated to safety (versus 350,717 in 2022).  
HEALTH AND SAFETY PROFESSIONALS IN CANADA
In Canada every managed site or division has one or more health and safety 
professionals, depending on the employee population of the site, employed by Stellantis. 
These employees are responsible for executing the Company's occupational health 
and safety management system. Manufacturing locations are certified to ISO 45001 
and utilize the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle of continual improvement to reduce 
injury rates and meet obligations. Non-manufacturing locations utilize the same PDCA 
principles to achieve continual improvement. 
Communication of Expectations
To support the policy of reporting hazards, the corporation communicates via the Stellantis Production 
Way - "Can Do" booklet and other global communication forums the three essential behaviors for 
safety: 
 ■ Stop if you are not trained for a task or if your safety is at risk 
 ■ Speak Up and intervene if you have a concern for anyone's safety 
 ■ Listen if someone shows concern for your safety and resolve the concern together. 
At a local level, sites have completed risk assessments for workstations and tasks that promote 
application of the hierarchy of controls. They review those risk assessments after incidents and injuries 
occur. All accidents are analyzed using the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle methodology, through the 
accident analysis tool. At a regional and global level, standards are developed that sites must 
assess their conformance to and progress plans to close nonconformance . These standards 
define actions in line with the hierarchy of controls and are support by good practices. The main types 
of work-related injuries were, 1. laceration, primarily finger and hand injuries, 2. contusion 3. strains and 
strains from slip/trip and fall. 
Regarding safety, our vision is to provide world class levels safety which means the following ambitions: 
 ■ Zero fatalities over three years  
 ■ 50% reduction in Total Recordable Injury Rate by 2030 
 ■ The Lost Time Injury Rate always below 1 
We have a comprehensive roadmap to reach those targets with specific actions such as Serious Injury 
and Fatality elimination plan . All our WHS related procedures, processes and standards are part of the 
Stellantis Production Way management system which ensures a strong and consistent implementation 
in our manufacturing operations. To support the consistency of our actions and the commitment of the 
whole company, individual and collective objectives related to safety and employee survey results were 
defined and cascaded in the whole organization.
HEALTH
Ergonomics  
The Ergonomics team takes a comprehensive and collaborative approach to identify the Top 10 critical 
workstations such as impact on safety, health, quality and cost, and provide different solutions based 
on the best practices implemented within the Stellantis scope. The focus is on manufacturing business 
units, including General Assembly, Painting, Welding, Chassis, Powertrain, and Press shop. The team 
then uses indicators to monitor compliance with ergonomics criteria in the different milestones of 
vehicle and powertrain projects. 
133


Page 134:
Workplace social services for employees 
The main role of social workers is to facilitate job integration by assisting employees dealing with issues 
in their personal and professional life that are having an impact on their occupation. Social services 
are a place to discuss issues and be listened to. They also provide specialist advice to managers and 
help implement the corporate social policy. Stellantis provides a hotline for employees with possible 
face-to-face follow-up Employee Assistance Programs (EAP). Each region has its own programs that 
are tailored to the specific needs of the region. Workplace social services are provided to all employees 
through a network of 91 internal and external social workers at office and manufacturing facilities. In 
North America, Stellantis offers off-site Family, Health and Wellness Centers to provide medical care for 
our employees and their families as well as on-site Health Coaches. 
Mental and Musculoskeletal Health 
In addition to the management system in place, a health action plan, focusing on mental health and 
musculoskeletal health, has been built to be sustainably implemented through the whole organization. 
This Health action plan gathers the best practices to prevent illnesses from occurring. After this 
first phase, the implementation is ongoing throughout the different regions, to reach a homogeneous 
result. 
On mental health, actions are based on training (including e-learning to all employees of which 
9,513 have completed the course), EAP programs, available specialized support, the first company 
wide mental health surveys, and mental health first aiders. In nearly all of the Company, we have 
the experience of monitoring various mental health indicators including the number of calls to EAP 
programs for psychological reasons, absenteeism related to mental health issues, stress, wellbeing and 
motivation, and mental health survey results. This supports our efforts to support employee health, 
as well as the positive outcomes for teams and the organization. It enables health services to follow 
trends, provide feedback to management and results can be considered in order to act. 
This first Mental Health Survey targeted a sample of 55,000 employees was distributed in 29 
countries available in 16 languages. 
The main purpose of this first wave was to raise the awareness on this topic, to increase literacy by 
sharing definitions and to make available support known. 53% of the employees invited to participate 
completed the survey (62% of WC).
This first wave provides results on high stress, need for recovery, anxiety and depression. Those 
results are consistent with academic and external references when available at global level. But the 
main outcome is to have a dataset to which further waves will compare to, to measure improvements. 
The survey results contribute to the assessment of psychosocial factors.
Due to legal concerns, this process has not been implemented yet in Canada and US. 
MENTAL HEALTH
Count on Me Program in South America. 
In the UK and Canada Mental Health First Aiders are employees trained to have an open 
mind to recognize mental health problems. 
A Mental Health/Substance Use Disorder (MH/SUD) program is available in the U.S. for 
eligible employees, retirees and their dependents. It provides confidential counseling, 
education and referral services to assist members with stress, depression, anxiety, 
conflict management, managing emotions and substance use treatment and recovery. 
Covered services include outpatient visits, inpatient admissions, partial hospitalization 
programs, psychological testing, care management and utilization review.
For musculoskeletal health, good practices and tools are specified within the SPW. In addition 
to preventive and corrective ergonomics, early care and treatment are promoted and implemented 
everywhere internal resources are available. 
Those plans are empowered by focused health promotion actions to pursue mid- and long-term 
positive consequences on the health and lives of all employees.  
SAFETY
Management of Business Partners 
Majority holding joint ventures are included in our safety performance tracking and adopt common 
policies and processes. Visitors receive information on arrival to a site regarding the health and safety 
rules they must follow; close working relationships, with safety performance tracking, are established 
with temporary employment agencies in order to ensure temporary employees receive appropriate 
training before arriving on site. This is supplemented with on-site training. Contractual obligations for 
minimum safety standards are established with contractor companies that can only work on site after 
risk assessments and method statements have been completed to ensure their interaction with our 
operations will not create additional hazards. Audits on contractor activities are routine practice. 
Prevention of SIF and pSIF incidents 
A program of serious injury and fatality elimination is strategically overseen at a global level and promoted 
by the development of common global standards for high-risk activities and the implementation of 
global “Call-to-Actions", charging all sites with the implementation of common action plans to 
eliminate and control such high-risk hazards. 
Hazards are systematically identified through workplace and task risk assessments and subsequently 
controlled. Workers are trained to identify and report to their line supervisor, any situation that they 
consider could create harm. If a response is not forthcoming for the line supervisor, workers may raise 
their concerns with a Health & Safety professional or their employee representatives. 
134


Page 135:
Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)
In 2021 Stellantis set targets for Total Recordable Injuries, those are injuries that need treatment beyond 
First Aid. Stellantis has committed to reducing the rate of recordable injuries by 50% by 2030. Each 
entity has its own targets to achieve which are closely followed. In 2023 the rate decreased as in 2022 
demonstrating the effectiveness of risk prevention and actions put in place.
Total Recordable Injury Rate table (employees and temporary workers)
Year Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle East 
& Africa
China and 
India & Asia 
Pacific
Total
Total
2023 2.63 4.35 3.94 2.3 0.57 3.32
2022 2.79 5.63 4.75 3.97 - 3.79
2021 3.80
SOUTH AMERICA SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS 
In the South America region, the Lost time injury rate was reduced by more than 50% 
and the Total Recordable Injury rate by nearly 20%. They knew that reactive solutions 
would not drive the improvements needed in their region. Preventive and proactive 
initiatives would be required. In 2023, over 2,500 near misses were identified and 
more than 70,000 preventive and proactive actions were opened and closed. A new 
onboarding program with an enhanced focus on safety was implemented. 99% of the 
South America’s employees participated in a Wellbeing Health and Safety Learning 
Week, to help them recognize hazards, curtail unsafe behaviors, and to look out for one 
another. 
WELLBEING
Dedicated Wellbeing Program
On the basis of its 'We All Care' policy on wellbeing, health and safety, signed by all of its senior 
managers, Stellantis makes the wellbeing of its employees an essential commitment which, beyond 
its social and ethical dimension, constitutes a win-win stake at the heart of its strategy, to support the 
company's sustainable performance. 
A DEDICATED PROGRAM: MY WELLBEING 
In July 2022 Stellantis launched a new program dedicated to the wellbeing of all its employees: My 
Wellbeing. Through this program, that supports the Care pillar in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic 
plan, Stellantis has an ambitious vision of its employees' wellbeing, which complements its health and 
safety fundamentals, occupational health, safety, ergonomics and contributes to making Stellantis a 
great company to work for. An example of an addition to this program for 2023 in North America was 
the adding of a Wellbeing Day, which is a day off from work to used to improve the wellbeing of the 
employee.
My Wellbeing Program
WELLBEING
Health & Safety fundamentals
HEAL TH  
& SAFETY Safety Ergonomics Occupational health
The 'My Wellbeing' program is based on five action levers, corresponding to the key components of 
employees' overall wellbeing: 
My Body: referring to the employee's physical wellbeing, with a particular focus on promoting actions 
in favor of health and physical activity. 
My Mind: in reference to the employee's mental wellbeing, with the aim of taking care of mental health 
and preventing psychosocial risks, in particular by raising awareness on mindfulness, work/life balance, 
etc. 
My Job: dealing with the professional wellbeing of the employee, via career and skills development, 
managerial skills, by promoting new hybrid ways of working, etc. 
My Community: related to the social wellbeing of the employee, by developing diversity and inclusion 
within the company, social relations and networking, notably through volunteering actions, etc. 
My Resources: refers to the financial wellbeing of the employee, notably through total reward 
approach (compensation and benefits), financial advice, etc.  
Sport, Fitness and Nutrition   
To support our workforce in a healthy lifestyle is beneficial for the individual, the Company and society. 
Stellantis therefore offers a variety of health and nutrition programs, sports groups, training facilities, 
and coaches. For example, Stellantis sponsors employee sport teams in several global regions, nutrition 
and wellness coaches are available in North America and several different gaming clubs and themed 
learning events are offered in China, and pre-work day stretching is organized in the Middle East & 
Africa region. 
135


Page 136:
Better Work-Life Balance
Establishing a collaborative work method is incorporated into the social dialogue and applies to 
workspaces as well as the expansion of remote working. The goal is to offer more flexible work 
arrangements without damaging collective productivity. The New Era of Agility program is an 
innovative hybrid concept allowing eligible employees to remote work. This allows employees to 
work from home or another location  3.2.7 . We are rethinking our iconic buildings with each new 
grEEn-campus to better respond to our new hybrid ways of working, as a significant number of our 
colleagues are taking advantage of flexible remote working, while also contributing to the Company’s 
carbon footprint reduction. We want to offer our employees a completely reimagined experience in 
terms of time spent on site by encouraging intra- and inter-business exchanges conducive to co-
development and collective intelligence, complementing the experience of working remotely. It’s an 
ambitious project, both for the Company and its employees, and one that will help us achieve our goals 
of reaching carbon neutrality and becoming a great place to work  2.6.3.4.3 . Enhancing work-life 
balance leads to better performance and prevents stress as well as adding flexibility across the 
various regions by reducing commute time. There are regional initiatives to promote tips and rules 
related to organizing working time. e.g. Europe and Middle East and Africa regions deployed a "Every 
Action counts" program. This program promotes healthier time management habits based on small 
daily actions like "how to manage agenda", "how to manage meetings" and "recovery time by taking 
breaks during the day".
In several countries we have established the right to disconnect either in the contracts, charters, 
policies or internal communications. For example promotion of the use of digital tools, to enable our 
employee’s health and wellbeing. It comes to ensuring respect of resting time and professional and 
personal life balance, avoiding the risk of digital fatigue linked to continuous use of digital means.  
With this aim, and taking into consideration the extension of the New Era of Agility, as well as 
our new modes of work conditioned by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has set up ten 
guidelines to be spread to employees about digital disconnection as well as proper use of electronic 
devices and digital tools.
Capitalizing on that, the Company willingly offers employees part-time schedules or teleworking 
arrangements when this is feasible. Where possible, the Company approves employees’ requests to 
work part-time. The aim is to devise suitable solutions, such as part-time by the day or half day, part-
time in hours, etc. Part-time hours are chosen by employees and are not imposed by the Company. In 
2023, the Company had 12,967 part-time employees worldwide (including 563 employees who worked 
half-time), distributed as follows: 44% women and 56% men. 
In 2023, 1,096 employees used the possibility to take a sabbatical.
Sabbatical
Year 1 to 3 months 4 to 6 months 7 months to 1 year Over 1 year
Number  
of employees
2023 505 73 233 285
2022 202 77 158 198
Company wide Promotion Events 
Stellantis embraced the World Day for Safety and Health at Work (April 28), organized by the International 
Labour Organization (UN agency). Stellantis focused that day on key subjects that contribute to the 
overall wellbeing of our employees around the world such as diabetes management, mental health 
and safety. This event was implemented across the company in 30 countries together with 2 
masterclasses related to Psychological Safety which were attended by 786 employees. At the 
same time, strong local actions were implemented to support this commemoration. For example: in 
Kenitra Plant in Morocco a massive diabetes screening with 691 participants was implemented and 
in China we organized an Online Health Seminar with 125 participants. South America implemented 
several safety actions covering 80% of the manufacturing teams. North America team made over 5.651 
diabetes screenings.
In October 2023, the third edition of "We All Care Days" took place:
Content was shared with our employees worldwide underlined with local communication and activities 
for several days. A focus was laid to increase awareness about Mental Health, Ergonomics and Safety 
and promote a supportive and recovery-oriented culture at work for people with cancer. During the 
2023 "We All Care Days" we announced that Stellantis was joining the Working With Cancer 
initiative pledge, an international initiative aiming to erase the stigma of cancer in the workplace 
and provide a more supportive and recovery-forward culture for those affected. We extend this 
initiative to all employees affected by severe chronic illnesses in the company because Stellantis is 
committed to standing with them and supporting them on their journey to remission. In addition, each 
Region supported other topics considering the specificities of countries and/or sites. The event was 
implemented across the company in 30 countries and 324 sites. For instance: We have launched a 
global e-learning about mental health, designed to benefit all our employees, as part of our mental 
health plan, and we are reporting that 9,513 employees (NPS 61, Stars 4.7) have already joined this 
training. South America launched the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) providing Psychological, 
Social and Financial support to their employees. China reinforced with the employees during the day 
dedicated to Mental Health their EAP implemented at the begin of the year. Europe and Middle East 
and Africa implemented the program "Every Move Counts" with the objective to promote physical 
activity. North America deployed 52 local events in the plants.
To build a positive health & safety culture, let's act toghether!
DAYS
WELLBEING  
& MOTIVATION MENTAL HEALTH PHYSICAL HEALTH OTHER TOPICS
136


Page 137:
3.4.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  GRI 403-9  GRI 403-10
Absenteeism* 
by geographic area and type of benefits
Year Sick leaves Maternity and paternity leavesOccupational and commuting accidents Other absences excluding vacations Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 9,784,173 1,243,313 381,91 10,272,110 21,681,506**
2022 11,920,784 1,164,707 415,736 13,467,599 26,968,826
2021 9,333,229 1,155,202 369,746 3,294,095 14,152,272
North America
2023 4,534,327 351,082 170,698 7,880,326 12,936,433***
2022 4,099,652 126,034 479,769 20,494,511 25,199,966
2021 5,504,884 202,012 237,642 7,766,077 13,710,615
South America
2023 2,554,638 188,132 89,43 574,897 3,407,097
2022 2,245,459 197,799 51,812 609,467 3,104,537
2021 2,469,604 16,507 5,939,574 8,678 9,442,048
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 150,16 25,57 739 83,215 259,683
2022 56,129 32,966 2,987 258,073 350,156
2021 131,072 30,609 1,067 152,475 315,223
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 77,921 79,629 160 296,328 454,038
2022 70,387 77,446 205 168,898 316,935
2021 72,086 79,879 364 147,458 299,787
Total
2023 17,101,219 1,887,726 642,936 19,106,877 38,738,758
2022 17,538,042 1,773,124 950,515 25,462,790 45,724,472
2021 17,510,875 1,632,772 6,548,393 12,227,905 37,919,945
* Number of hours of absence excluding vacations.
** We have corrected 2022 data in Europe for absences due to inclusion of new categories of absences in Italy which are missing in 2021 data.
*** We have a variation of 37% of absences in North America due to a correction with one entity in Mexico that is no longer part of the Stellantis scope in 2023. In 2022 all U.S. absences were included in the category other absences.
137


Page 138:
Number of Work Related and Non-Work related Injuries (employees) by geographic area and type of injury (not including travel from home)
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Contusion
2023 128 168 37 - - 333
2022 148 246 73 3 - 470
Laceration
2023 107 183 5 19 1 315
2022 126 217 59 25 4 431
Strain & Sprain
2023 28 168 10 1 - 207
2022 25 249 23 3 - 300
Fracture
2023 53 81 8 2 144
2022 48 100 20 2 4 174
Foreign Body 
2023 1 38 - - - 39
2022 11 25 4 - - 40
Crush 
2023 7 7 3 - - 17
2022 17 12 5 1 9 44
Burn
2023 4 3 8 - - 15
2022 7 7 10 - 1 25
Other
2023 142 3 117 2 264
2022 31 32 12 1 2 78
Undefined
2023 25 23 8 - - 56
2022 88 12 16 4 - 120
Total
2023 495 674 196 24 1 1,390
2022 501 900 222 39 20 1,682
2021 776 881 140 45 7 1,849
138


Page 139:
Number of Work Related and Non-Work related Injuries (workers not employees but whose work / workplace is controlled by the organization)  
by geographic area and type of injury (not including travel from home)
Year Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Contusion
2023 14 - - - 1 15
2022 42 1 8 51
Laceration
2023 18 - - - 2 20
2022 28 4 1 33
Sprain & Strain
2023 9 - - - - 9
2022 5 1 6
Burn
2023 1 - - - - 1
2022 2 2
Foreign Body
2023 1 - - - - 1
2022 1 1
Fracture
2023 8 - - - 2 10
2022 3 3
Crush
2023 2 - - - - 2
2022 1 1
Undefined
2023 32 - 2 - - 34
2022 26 3 29
Total
2023 85 - 2 - 5 92
2022 107 6 11 - 2 126
Number of Work Related and Non-Work related Injuries (employees and temporary workers) by geographic area 
Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Total
2023 580 674 198 24 6 1,482
2022 608 906 233 39 22 1,808
2021 776 881 140 45 7 1,849
139


Page 140:
Serious injuries (30 days or more) by geographic area and type of accident (employee + temporary worker)
Enlarged Europe North America South America Middle East & Africa China and India & Asia Pacific Total
Year Employee Temporary 
workers Employee Temporary 
workers Employee Temporary 
workers Employee Temporary 
workers Employee Temporary 
workers Total
Fall
2023 2 16 3 21
2022 15 30 3 1 1 50
Equipment 
Hazard/Failure
2023 2 1 7 5 15
2022 1 20 2 1 24
Transportation/
Storage
2023 5 1 1 2 9
2022 5 1 7 1 14
Falling Object
2023 2 2 1 5
2022 2 8 4 14
Mobile Equipment
2023 3 3 6
2022 7 4 1 12
Pedestrian in-
plant vehicle
2023 2 2
2022 10 10
Guarding
2023 1 1
2022 3 5 2 10
Rigging
2023 1 1
2022 8 1 9
Over the road 
vehicle
2023 1 3 2 6
2022 7 7
Emergency/
Security
2023 3 1 4
2022 1 2 1 4
Energy Control/
Lockout
2023 1 1
2022 1 1
Electrical
2023 -
2022 1 1
Total
2023 21 3 29 - 17 - - - 1 - 71
2022 52 71 26 3 4 156
140


Page 141:
Lost Time Injury Rate by geographic area (per 1,000,000 hours worked)
Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle East 
& Africa
China and India 
& Asia Pacific Total
Employees
2023 1.33 0.33 1.46 0.58 - 0.94
2022 1.36 0.62 3.00 0.82 0.49 1.20
Temporary 
workers
2023 1.3 - 6.67 - - 1.21
2022 5.39 - 15.08 - 1.12 5.89
Total*
2023 1.33 0.33 1.49 0.58 - 0.95
2022 1.42 0.62 3.16 0.82 0.51 1.25
2021 1.5 0.6 0.9 0.5 0.2 1
Contractors
2023 2.42 1.87 3.77 - 0.32 2.69
2022 0.68 1.64 4.26 - 0.38 1.54
* Total does not include the Contractors.
Fatalities, high-consequence and recordable work-related injury (Number and Rate) 
(employee and temporary workers)
Fatalities as a result of 
work-related injury
 Serious work-related 
injuries
Recordable work-related 
injuries
Year Number Rate Number Rate Number Rate
2023 - 0.00 71 0.16 1,482 3.32
2022 - 0.00 156 0.32 1,808 3.79
2021 1 0.0021
Severity rate by contract and geographic area
Year Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle East 
& Africa
China and India 
& Asia Pacific Total
Employees 
2023 0.10 0.02 0.07 0.01 - 0.06
2022 0.05 0.05 0.06 0.03 - 0.05
Temporary 
workers
2023 0.03 - 0.05 - - 0.03
2022 0.11 - 0.08 - - 0.08
Total
2023 0.09 0.02 0.07 0.01 - 0.06
2022 0.05 0.05 0.06 0.03 - 0.05
2021 0.12 0.04 0.04 0.01 0.01 0.07
141


Page 142:
Commuting Injury Frequency Rate
Year Total
Number of 
commuting injuries
2023 780
2022 808
Commuting injury 
frequency rate
2023 1.75
2022 0.94
Occupational Illnesses Frequency Rate by geographic area
Occupational illness per 1 000 000 hours
Year Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
South 
America
Middle East 
& Africa
China and India 
& Asia Pacific Total
Rate
2023 1.33 2.64 0.06 0.00 0.19 1.59
2022 1.35 2.76 0.79 0.00 0.04 1.69
2021 1.23 2.24 0.07 0.20 0.00 1.32
Occupational accidents by contract - geographic area
Number of accident including travel for work and travel from home
Year Employee Temporary workers Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 1;063 85 1,148
2022 501 107 608
North America
2023 807 - 807
2022 900 6 906
South America
2023 265 2 267
2022 222 11 233
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 29 - 29
2022 39 - 39
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 6 5 11
2022 20 2 22
Total
2023 2,170 92 2,262
2022 1682 126 1808
Total Recordable Injury Rate table
Year Total
Employee
2023 3.25
2022 3.57
2021
Temporary 
workers
2023 4.83
2022 24.73
2021
Total
2023 3.32
2022 3.79
2021 3,8
OHS certification 
(Stellantis worldwide) 
Year Certified OHSAS18001 or 
ISO45001 by third party body Internal OHSMS implemented
No of sites
2023 59 349
2022 85 443
2021 95 563
No. of audits 
carried out
2023 88 453
2022 96 315
2021 104 410
Ergonomics works stations
(Stellantis worldwide)
Year Number %
red workstations
2023 842 4%
2022 852 4%
2021 3%
yellow 
workstations
2023 8,611 40%
2022 9,073 38%
2021 40%
green 
workstations
2023 11,855 56%
2022 13,606 58%
2021 56%
Total
2023 21,308 100%
2022 23,531 100%
2021 21,829 100%
142


Page 143:
Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system  
(number and %)
Employees Temporary workers Contractors*
Year Numbers % covered Numbers % covered Numbers % covered
Occupational H&S 
management 
system
2023 242,225 97% 13,293 91% 32,473 80%
2022 245,394 93% 10,231 100% 27,232 100%
OHS management 
system internally 
audited
2023 175,392 70% 5,108 35% 5,108 13%
2022 155,560 63% 6,943 68% 17,654 65%
OHS management 
system audited 
or certified by an 
external party
2023 64,082 26% 1,991 14% 1,991 5%
2022 50,133 32% 3,068 44% 9,551 54%
* All contractors on site (including intelligent services and other services). 
 
Health Service (internal and external)
Year Internal (employed) External (contracted) Total
Doctors 
(Physicians)
2023 98 512 610
2022 67 533 600
2021 93 395 488
Health 
professionals 
(nurses)
2023 191 422 613
2022 170 434 604
2021 247 280 527
Number of social 
workers or 
equivalent service
2023 29 55 84
2022 26 65 91
2021 47 97 144
Ergonomists
2023 52 29 81
2022 64 25 89
2021 65 34 99
Health Service (number and ratio)
Year Number %
Sites with on-site 
medical service
2023 229 53%
2022 228 56%
Sites without 
on-site medical 
service
2023 206 47%
2022 177 44%
Employees 
covered (with 
internal or external 
health service)
2023 245,221 98%
2022 257,444 98%
2021 99%
 
143


Page 144:
4 MEETING CHANGING CUSTOMER EXPECTATIONS  
ON MOBILITY
4.1 DEVELOPMENT OF NEW MOBILITY SOLUTIONS (INCLUDING AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES) 145
4.1.1 Context and Stellantis position 145
4.1.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  146
4.1.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  146
4.1.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  14 8
4.1.5 Policies to execute the strategy 148
4.1.6 Organization and resources  149
4.1.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  152
4.2 VEHICLE AND SERVICE QUALITY - CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 157
4.2.1 Context and Stellantis position 157
4.2.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  158
4.2.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  158
4.2.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  160
4.2.5 Policies to execute the strategy  161
4.2.6 Organization and resources 162
4.2.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  165
4.3 VEHICLE SAFETY  168
4.3.1 Context and Stellantis position 168
4.3.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 168
4.3.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  169
4.3.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 169
4.3.5 Policies to execute the strategy  169
4.3.6 Organization and resources 170
4.3.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  171
144


Page 145:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK/PILLAR III. MEETING CHANGING CUSTOMER 
EXPECTATIONS ON MOBILITY  
The automotive market is faced with competition from established players as well as newcomers in 
the mobility sector, in particular digital and tech companies. It must take into account a variety of 
different needs and evolving contexts, considering trends such as increasing urbanization and traffic 
congestion, the need of customers to find mobility solutions going beyond vehicle ownership, and 
the contributions that technologies can provide to road users in terms of experience and safety. All 
these elements affect automakers strategy, operations and results are assessed and challenged by 
customers and other stakeholders.
Stellantis understands these requirements and pays close attention to the mobility trends. We intend to 
provide opportunities for consumers by developing new mobility solutions with high-quality products 
and services with the goal to execute flawless customer relationship management.
To meet market expectations, the Company’s processes and decisions are customer-focused, to design 
affordable, reliable, safe and high-quality products and services and complementary solutions to meet 
mobility needs around the world.
4.1 DEVELOPMENT OF NEW  
MOBILITY SOLUTIONS (INCLUDING  
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES) 
4.1.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION GRI 3-3
CSR issue/challenge #8 Development of new mobility solutions (including autonomous 
vehicles) 
Social, environmental and technical evolutions impact customer mobility behavior and expectations. 
Today, vehicles which were traditionally perceived as a tangible asset, are now seen as mobility devices 
packed with technology, especially by groups such as Millennials and Generation Z. These generations 
tend to be less interested in owning or driving a vehicle, for economical or ecological reasons and due 
to their specific mobility needs.
This evolution continues to progress at pace and has been embraced by more than just young 
generations of customers. Since 2020, due to long periods of not being able to travel long distances 
and lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic and the extensive deployment of remote work, a 
completely different approach to mobility continues to be adopted, with consequences that might 
have a significant impact in the years to come. 
At Stellantis, we are aware of these challenges and our business model includes mobility service 
offerings with Free2move and Leasys. Leasys is the medium- and long-term rental company in which 
Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance each have 50% shareholding rights 1. 
1 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/april/stellantis-signs-binding-agreements-with-
european-financing-partners
Leasys KPIs reported in this year’s CSR are referring to the low emission vehicles in the fleet and the 
revenues streams generated by those vehicles within Leasys perimeter. Free2move (F2M) is a global 
marketplace offering a range of services to satisfy the multiple travel needs of its customers from 
one minute to several days or months with car sharing service, short or medium rental. One of our 
goals is to bolster energy transition by helping customers switch to Low Emission Vehicles (LEV) with 
innovative services such as the subscription offer of Free2move which enable customers to experience 
an EV on a month-to-month basis and thus will help accelerate EV adoption.
We continue the research and development of technologies in order to develop future mobility options 
including means of transport such as driverless autonomous vehicles  4.1.7.3 .
Company’s public position 
The importance of individual choice over freedom of movement and flexible mobility means that 
vehicles have an important place today and in the future. Vehicles play a major role in a multi-modal 
ecosystem that aims at optimizing the efficiency of transport systems, particularly outside cities where 
alternative solutions are not always available. New uses, and therefore, new services are being created.
Car sharing, for example, is a way to support the change in customer behavior from ownership to 
usage. This shift can be motivated by economic, practical or environmental reasons. Car sharing is also 
part of the growing concept of intermodality and is a link in the chain between bike-sharing, public 
transport, etc. It allows customers to rationalize their mobility according to their specific needs. It is also 
a good entry point for users to discover our services, experience EVs and ultimately to use our medium- 
and long-term rental services. 
Shared mobility services as well as Mobility-as-a-Service (MaaS) platforms will become increasingly 
more efficient as the level of driving automation increases. Stellantis’ purpose: “Powered by our 
diversity, we lead the way the world moves” means that we want to ensure freedom of movement 
by providing safe, sustainable, affordable and convenient mobility solutions. This is reflected in the 
Company’s approach toward connected and autonomous mobility: a gradual development to ensure 
that reliability and safety requirements are met and to ensure affordability so that our customers and 
society at large can benefit from it. The Company is aware of these needs and shares its expertise 
with stakeholders, experts and regulators in the development of the appropriate standardization 
and regulatory framework. Local governments play a significant role in their climate-neutral and 
smart cities mission. Stellantis collaborates with these local authorities to expand their sustainability 
strategies. Stellantis is involved in dedicated conversations with local authorities to promote the kind 
of regulations needed to support mobility programs.
The Company is working on a variety of Vehicle to Vehicle/Vehicle to Infrastructure (V2X) applications 
using both short- and long-range technologies as well as Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) 
applications using a wide array of technologies in order to provide connectivity and safety to its 
customers. Stellantis is supportive of in-vehicle data access based on the Extended Vehicle (ExVe), as 
defined by various ISO standards, and is in the process of developing a fully industrialized Extended 
Vehicle Web Server allowing fair, reasonable, non-discriminatory safe and secure access to vehicle data 
in full compliance with ISO standards which protects the safety and privacy of end customer.
145


Page 146:
In line with the Company’s strategic vision to be a mobility services provider, as well as a vehicle 
manufacturer, Stellantis is implementing a complete automation roadmap from Level 1 and Levels 2 to 4 
(driverless vehicles), based upon clear use cases and customer requirements. We are enhancing the set of 
features already offered at Level 2 and launching hands-off technology in the U.S. (usually called Level 2+). 
Level 3 is already under development. The Company sees, beyond Level 3, application of Level 4 technology 
mainly for shared mobility services like autonomous shuttles, robotaxis and automated goods delivery. 
To support the growing level of autonomy and the high safety demands connected with these 
technologies, Stellantis is investing in very advanced simulation and validation methods and creating 
synergies by pooling databases of relevant safety scenarios and data collected from real world driving 
conditions, integrated into a state-of-the-art data platform.
Stellantis is committed to ensure a sustainable future of mobility also leveraging on new technology 
and digitalization to reach carbon net zero emissions by 2038.
The Chief Digital Information Officer (CDIO), appointed in September 2022, is focused on leading Stellantis’ 
transformation into a sustainable mobility tech company, driving its digital strategy and technologies. The 
CDIO is also responsible for improving IT project execution and organizational efficiency.
4.1.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS  GRI 3-3
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #8 Development of new mobility solutions (including autonomous vehicles)
VISION/AMBITION: Lead innovation for Mobility-as-a-Service to support freedom of movement with affordable, safe and sustainable mobility solutions.
OWNER: Brand Chief Executive Officer, Free2move - Chief Executive Officer, Leasys - Chief Software Officer - Chief Engineering Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
% of Low Emission Vehicles (below 50g CO2 per kilometer) infleeted in the year for car sharing / 
short- and medium-term rental / subscription / long-term rental (lease)
40% 60% 100% 12.5% 14.0% 15.3%
% Revenues from Low Emission Vehicles (below 50g CO2 per kilometer) within Mobility 
(incl. EV solutions + Data Service) and Rent (car sharing/ short- and medium-term rental / 
subscription / long-term rental (lease))
20% 40% 80% 5.5% 9.8% 12.7%
4.1.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES  
GRI 3-3
4.1.3.1 Risks
Our teams are focused on developing solutions to avoid or mitigate risks on the emerging mobility ecosystem:
 ■ Rapidly changing customer expectations
We are devoting research and innovation resources to address changing consumer expectations 
driven by growing demand for safety, convenience, mobility-as-a-service, connectivity, sustainable 
mobility and quality time. Our ability to develop and launch products with new technologies (e.g., 
electrification, autonomous driving and connected vehicles) to meet regulatory requirements and 
customer expectations is constantly challenged by technical limitations,changes in public policies and 
strong validation efforts needed to ensure availability of systems at a certain time frame.
 ■ Deterioration or disappearance of vehicle brands in favor of new mobility brands
The automotive industry is in the process of a fundamental transformation and vehicle brands are 
facing challenges posed by disruptive patterns in mobility choices. In some cities, vehicle ownership 
is restricted due to traffic congestion and strains on local infrastructure. As automakers navigate this 
new mobility landscape and play a role in actively shaping this change, it will require the evolution 
of a century old business model shifting from traditional ownership to customer driven, flexible 
mobility solutions.
 ■ Climate change and environmental issues
Our society is facing increasing challenges resulting from environmental issues: scarcity of resources 
needed to manufacture EVs, global warming, increased air pollution, etc. Transportation of goods 
and people is one of the main contributors of the climate crises and accounts for 17 percent of global 
greenhouse gas emissions 2. Through Free2move and Leasys, Stellantis is offering a flexible and 
environmental friendly mobility alternative to people in order to let them have the opportunity to 
change their way of accessing mobility. By allowing people to switch from property to usage, the 
Company is creating efficiencies for mobility consumption and thus, is contributing to lower the 
impact of people’s mobility on the environment.
2 https://www.statista.com/topics/7476/transportation-emissions-worldwide/#topicOverview
146


Page 147:
4.1.3.2 Opportunities
At the same time, this changing mobility landscape opens opportunities for Stellantis. Mobility 
transformation is driven by three key trends: electrification of vehicles and alternative powertrains, 
Connected and Autonomous Vehicles (CAVs) and Mobility -as-a-S ervice (MaaS). We embrace the 
challenges posed by this evolution seizing the many opportunities that will invariably accompany 
change. Stellantis is committed to delivering on our electrification plans, the acceleration of autonomous 
vehicle and connected technologies and the continued work in developing and defining MaaS offerings 
through both our Free2move and Leasys services. Advanced autonomous and connected technologies 
will continue to drive increasing levels of safety with technology that allows users to stay continuously 
connected while on the move and continued deployment of Advanced Driving Assistance Systems 
(ADAS) foreshadowing the autonomous vehicle.
 ■ Provide freedom of movement through global mobility brands and enhance the image of the 
company
As our mobility brands, Free2move and Leasys bring to Stellantis and its vehicle brands a positive 
image of flexibility and agile thinking, in line with both current trends and future customers' needs. 
Free2move and Leasys are working to define those services that not only meet the needs of 
individuals and businesses today but also to anticipate the use cases that will drive tomorrow's 
mobility. These brands are responsive to B2B and B2C customers in search of change, in a society 
that is reinventing itself. The continued evolution and adoption of the technologies that enable 
mobility services and partnerships with other global mobility providers will enhance the perception 
of Stellantis and its core automotive brands.
Free2move is the only global mobility marketplace offering a complete and unique ecosystem for its 
private and professional customers around the world. Relying on data and technology, Free2move 
puts the customer experience at the heart of the business to reinvent mobility. Free2move offers a 
range of services to satisfy the multiple travel needs of its customers from one minute to several 
days or months with car sharing service, short-, and medium- rental or subscription as well as the 
reservation of Ride hailing drivers, parking spaces via the app. In 2023, Free2move has continued to 
develop its Mobility Hubs. This all-in-one solution bundles all rental durations in one single app with 
the same fleet. 
Free2move, alongside Share Now following its acquisition in 2022 offer altogether car sharing services 
in 19 cities worldwide (Madrid, Paris, Portland, Washington D.C., Vienna, Budapest, Copenhagen, Milan, 
Rome, Turin, Amsterdam, Stuttgart, Berlin, Cologne, Munich, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg and 
Münster), making F2M the European marker leader for car sharing 3.
 F2M in Europe 
 #1 
for car sharing
3 Source Statista, referred to European market share of 2022 https://www.statista.com/statistics/1414034/europe-
car-sharing-provider-market-shares
Car sharing services 
in 19 cities 
worldwide
Leasys is a medium- and long-term rental operator that provides customers with one vehicle or a 
fleet, and a comprehensive selection of services that can be included to best fit the diverse needs of its 
customer base. The typical contract duration is from one up to four years.
Within this activity, sustainability means the development of products designed to charge for effective 
use of the vehicle and therefore encourage responsible use (i.e., Pay-As-You-Go formulas like Leasys 
Miles, where a significant proportion of the monthly rental is calculated based on real distance driven). 
Sustainability in this area is also promoted through a comprehensive range of services securing timely 
maintenance of the fleet (and therefore its efficient operation).
 ■ Leverage fleet electrification and infrastructure to meet consumer demands and regulatory 
emissions objectives 
With electrification at the forefront of the global strategy of Stellantis, a significant increase in the 
availability of public and private charging networks is required to enable wide-scale adoption and 
increase consumer confidence in EVs. Stellantis through Free2move and Free2move eSolutions 
is working to provide end-to-end charging and 360o charging solutions to simplify private, 
business and fleet customers charging experience. Through deployed mobility services such as the 
Free2move Car sharing service, Stellantis will continue to increase the mix of EVs as a percentage 
of our active fleets. 
As governments adopt policies favorable to electrification, Stellantis can rise to meet the needs 
and objectives of these programs. As an example, the adoption by the European Commission of 
“Fit for 55” package, to enable the European Union to reduce its net greenhouse gas emissions by 
at least 55% by 2030 compared to 1990 levels and to achieve climate neutrality in 2050, supports 
the on-going work of Stellantis and NHOA4 in the largest EV Fastcharging Network in Southern 
Europe – operated by Atlante using the technology provided by Free2move eSolutions – enabled by 
renewables, energy storage and which is 100% grid integrated 5.
 ■ Increase deployment of connected and autonomous vehicle technologies
Bringing together expertise in consumer innovations from the sustainable mobility and advanced 
electronics industries aims at accelerating development timelines to offer innovative in-vehicle user 
experiences enabled by advanced consumer electronics, Human Machine Interfaces and services 
that will exceed customer expectations.
This combination aims to position the Company at the forefront of global efforts to deliver a new 
frontier of in-cabin information and entertainment capabilities, seamlessly connected inside and 
outside the vehicles in which they are installed  4.1.7.1.2 .
4 NHOA (formerly Electro Power Systems - Engie EPS) is a global player in energy storage, e-mobility and electric 
vehicles fastcharging infrastructure.
5 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/e-mobility/press/the-plan-announced-by-stellantis-at-ev-day-
continues-the-first-700-sites-have-been-identified-for-atlante-the-largest-fast-charging-network-under-
-development-in-italy-france-spain-and-portugal-partnered-by-nhoa-and-free2move-esolutions
147


Page 148:
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
EV adoption can be accelerated by Stellantis mobility services to facilitate the use of EVs 
and to foster customer acceptance. Stellantis automotive subscription programs such as 
Free2move Car on Demand, enable customers to experience an EV on a month-to-month 
basis. Stellantis car sharing programs such as Free2move Car sharing provide additional 
opportunities for consumers to experience an EV on a short-duration basis as we continue 
to increase the mix of EVs in these fleets. In addition, the launch in France of the innovative 
“Electric As You Go” pay-per-use offer introduces a new way to easily access BEVs, with a 
competitive pricing based on car usage. Free2move eSolutions and Leasys are also working 
to facilitate the charging experience. In 2023, the new eSolutions Charging App enables 
users to find a compatible and available charging station from a network in 29 European 
countries of approximately 600,000 charging stations (versus 450,000 in 2022).
Sustainable mobility goes beyond simply the electrification of the fleet and seeks to 
align the diverse needs of a community with an inclusive, affordable approach which 
maximizes the utilization of existing assets. Leasys and Free2move have developed pay-
per-use models where consumers and businesses pay for actual miles driven. Combined 
with asset sharing programs this has the double benefit of lowering mobility costs for 
our customers and maximizing vehicle utilization.
In 2023, these initiatives have met with favorable market response and the number of 
infleeted LEVs was 39,405 (versus 36,196 in 2022) representing 15,3% of total vehicles 
infleeted in the year (versus 14% in 2022). The development of LEVs through Stellantis’ 
mobility brands enhances the ability to respond to evolving customer expectations and 
supports environmentally conscious consumers looking for alternatives to car ownership. 
Electrification also enables the emergence of new vehicles, such as the already available 
Citroën Ami, Opel Rocks-e and Fiat Topolino. These services are further reinforced through 
our Free2move eSolutions (F2MeS) joint venture between Stellantis and NHOA. This 
partnership is already supporting Atlante, a fast charging network in Southern Europe 
which will reinforce the synergy between electrification and mobility services  2.5.3.2.4 .
4.1.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS  GRI 3-3
Stellantis’ portfolio is uniquely suited to offer distinctive, sustainable mobility solutions to meet its 
customers’ evolving needs, as they embrace electrification, connectivity, autonomous driving and 
shared ownership.
The Company’s mobility programs are led globally by the CEO of Free2move and the CEO of Leasys 
supported by a Board of Directors equally representing both shareholders, Stellantis and Crédit Agricole 
Financial Services. Each of the organizations is responsible for setting overall strategies to address 
the needs of our customers through hypothesis, testing, implementation and adaptation. Stellantis 
Venture Studio organization is designed to detect, test and transform opportunities into marketable 
products and services for Stellantis which for instance led to the launch of Free2move Car On Demand.
Stellantis has created a new business unit, Mobilisights, which is fully dedicated to developing data as 
a service business and specialized B2B data products and services. Stellantis formed this business unit 
to enable accelerated growth in a fast-growing market through a specialized entity with commercial 
capabilities. The CEO of the new entity will work with a designated leadership team and report to the 
Chief Software Officer. 
Autonomous vehicle programs are jointly led by the technology EVPs (Chief Technology, Chief 
Engineering and Chief Software Officers) all members of the Top Executive Team. Investment decisions 
are considered by the Strategy Council of Stellantis. The Board of Directors is informed of the advances 
that the Company makes on autonomous technology. With support of the global leadership, each 
region is responsible for adapting global strategies to align with the local context. 
A dedicated Software division led by the Chief Software Officer, a member of the Top Executive Team, 
supports the shift to become a sustainable mobility tech company and to expand the options customers 
have to add innovative features and services, while transforming how they interact with vehicles.
The Chief Software Officer operates in a very close cooperation with the Chief Engineer Officer and the 
Chief Technical Officer to plan, design and deliver technical solutions to customers.
4.1.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 3-3
Stellantis is a leading global automaker and a mobility provider dedicated to promoting a new era of 
sustainable mobility and to protecting the freedom of movement of all - with distinctive, affordable 
and efficient transportation solutions uniquely positioned to capture the exciting opportunities of a 
global industry undergoing rapid and profound change. Guided by our Corporate Purpose - Powered 
by our diversity, we lead the way the world moves -, our strategy combines technological development 
with the expansion of mobility services offered to our private and business customers to address their 
evolving needs.
We embrace a culture of discontinuity to leverage our combined 200 years of automotive experience as 
a backdrop to innovation which pushes the definition of the traditional automotive company towards 
a world of dynamic change. While the technologies that underpin the rapid change in automobiles 
continue to mature, we must rethink the way in which our customers and stakeholders access and 
interact with transportation systems. 
 ■ Mobility services support our climate neutrality ambition
Within the context of global climate change challenge, Free2move and Leasys believe that the 
mobility industry has a responsibility to minimize its CO2 footprint and recognize their responsibilities, 
as leading mobility operators, to lead the transition towards a more sustainable mobility system. 
Free2move and Leasys recognize the necessary shift from Internal Combustion Engine vehicles 
towards alternative, electric powertrains in support of the targets set by the Paris Agreement as 
well as the climate-related United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals. They embrace these 
international goals and, with the aim to reduce substantially CO2 emissions, are committed to 
contribute to consumers’ transition towards cleaner technologies and therefore, ultimately, to the 
long-term sustainability of their activities.
148


Page 149:
Free2move operates a LEV-rich car sharing platform (partially electrified in Europe and ICE in the 
U.S.) providing a fully-digital and urban alternative. In the same way, LEVs are available through 
an automotive subscription programs providing an ideal opportunity for consumers to test these 
emerging technologies. Within the Free2move ecosystem, Free2move eSolutions is also providing 
access to a network of 600,000 charging stations in Europe in 2023 (versus 405,000 in 2022). These 
examples are a testimony of Free2move’s sense of responsibility and determination to contribute 
and accelerate the on-going transition to electric, more sustainable, forms of mobility  4.1.7 . 
4.1.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 3-3  
Stellantis offers a wide range of affordable mobility services in response to the new uses and different 
mobility needs of businesses and individuals. These services are offered through Free2move, Leasys 
and their partners.
4.1.6.1 Free2move and Leasys: the brands dedicated to connected and mobility services 
Stellantis delivers mobility offers through Free2move and Leasys, devoted to putting the customer 
experience at the heart of business strategy in order to reinvent mobility and facilitate the transition 
to e-mobility.
Free2move is the mobility tech brand offering a complete and unique ecosystem for its private and 
professional customers around the world and specifically in Europe and U.S. Relying on data and 
technology, the digitization of services allows Free2move to adapt to large urban centers according 
to the needs of each user. By creating Mobility Hubs, Free2move provides a new ecosystem that 
improves mobility conditions for B2C and B2B2C customers. Among the different travel solutions 
of the Free2move application, users can choose the best mode of transportation, depending on 
their travel need: car sharing, rental from 1 minute to several months, car with drivers (ride-hailing), 
parking space etc.
To meet business needs, Free2move has consolidated cutting-edge expertise around data through 
digital technology. The services reduce the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) and carbon footprint of 
fleets (Connect Fleet, PHEV Connect, E-Mobility Advisor, Multi brand services). Free2move eSolutions 
has also developed a range of solutions to support customers in the transition towards the use of EVs : 
for example, eSolutions Charging App and future products and services around fast charging and V2G). 
Leasys’ offer has expanded in recent years to include a broad range of services addressing the specific 
needs of B2C and B2B customers, promoting the transition to the e-mobility with mobility solutions 
particularly suitable for the green vehicles.
The sustainability of Leasys’ offer is represented by inclusive solutions making its mobility offer 
increasingly accessible through products designed for discontinuous drivers (Leasys’ pay-per-use 
solutions such as Leasys Miles) as well as drivers that need to travel without limitation in terms of 
kilometers (Unlimited product dedicated to LEV). 
Mobility business accelerating
Free2move is accelerating its growth 
Free2move has developed its Mobility Hubs which offer flexible rental services, all available with the 
same fleet. 47 Mobility Hubs are opened in the U.S, in Washington D.C., Portland, and in Europe, in 
Germany, Spain, France, Austria and Italy. Extended Mobility Hubs are also available through franchisees 
in 15 countries (France, Spain, Italy, Germany, Portugal, Belgium, Austria, Hungary, Denmark, the United 
Kingdom, Slovenia, Greece, Romania, Malta and the U.S.) with the objectives to extend its services to 
200 cities in 2030.
Stellantis Ventures as a strategic investor 
Stellantis Ventures acts as a strategic investor and help startups integrate new technologies within the 
Company in compressed timeframes – allowing the adoption within months versus years. Investments 
will not only impact Stellantis' efforts around sustainability, competitiveness and in-vehicle technology 
but will also transform customer experiences around vehicle marketing, sales and finance.
Announced as part of Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, Stellantis Ventures is committed to 
supporting aspiring entrepreneurs and fostering innovation driven by customer satisfaction, sustainability 
and a comprehensive portfolio of mobility technology 6.
Defining the Future of Mobility
Moving a customer is a great responsibility, and Free2move is positioned to empower customers with new 
technology to embrace new mobility options and meet every evolving customer demand. Free2move will 
be 360° multimodal, the user will be able to describes his need to the Free2move Smart Assistant, that 
will propose him several options based on cost and time and depending on his needs and traffic context 
during the day. 
Having secured their place as a leader in mobility, Free2move is now defining the future of the industry, 
combining achievements in transportation with advanced technology for an optimized customer 
experience. People in urban environments are no longer using a sole mode of transportation. They 
combine subways with car sharing, perhaps own a small vehicle for everyday use and rent larger SUVs 
for road trips and weekend getaways. In line with these new market demands, Free2move will continue 
to increase their offering and modes of transportation via their single app, for a customer experience 
designed to take anyone anywhere, quickly and easily for the true freedom ease of travel provides. 
6 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/june/stellantis-ventures-seeds-innovation-with-11-
key-investments-into-sustainable-mobility
Objectives to extend 
its services to 
200 cities 
in 2030
149


Page 150:
4.1.6.2 Autonomous Driving
In this new era of mobility, Stellantis portfolio of brands is uniquely positioned to offer distinctive and 
sustainable solutions to meet the evolving needs of customers, as they embrace electrification, connectivity 
and autonomous driving. The goal of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous 
Driving (AD) is to increase the safety of the vehicle and to help the driver in the everyday tasks of driving. 
Safety systems such as Autonomous Emergency Braking (AEB), Lane Keeping Assists (LKA) or Driver 
Monitoring Systems (DMS) are able to provide significant benefit of accident reduction (from 10 to 
30% depending on location and technical definition) and are available on the majority of new Stellantis 
vehicles. Each new car generation provides new and enhanced functions for safety improvements.
The other interest of ADAS for customers is to help the driver by providing assistance to reduce the 
fatigue, mental load and provide comfort during the driving journey or parking situation. For example, 
Adaptative Cruise Control and Lane Centering / Positioning assistance systems provide automatic 
steering, braking and acceleration of the vehicle, while Automated Parking Assist detects parking lot 
and perform the full parking maneuver. Another example is an Automated Navigation system capable 
of autonomously performing address-to-address driving, including handling highway lane changes, 
interchanges, and split/merge scenarios. Automated driving capabilities are also beginning to extend 
into semi-urban and urban settings, with various degrees of intersections handling. At this stage, in 
mass consumer vehicles, the driver still has to monitor the environment of the vehicle but can drive feet 
off and on certain conditions hands off the steering wheel. Stellantis already provides a complete suite 
of ADAS for most of its vehicles, on all segments and locations. 
Stellantis has already implemented Feet off (Adaptive Cruise Control is available on most of Stellantis 
vehicles) in its vehicles worldwide, hands off at very low speed also (Full Automated Park Assist) and 
plan to implement hands off L2+ in the near future.
Autonomous Driving is the next step of ADAS: driver has the possibility to do secondary tasks (reading 
e-mail, watching videos etc), to significantly improve the user’s experience during the travel with a 
delegation of the complete driving task to the autonomous system. Ultimately, autonomous driving 
technology will improve people’s mobility and goods delivery by providing new services based on 
autonomous taxi, shuttles and commercial vehicles. 
Autonomous vehicle and ADAS technology demonstrates the ability of vehicle systems to take over 
an increasing number of tasks which are currently performed by the driver. SAE International (SAE) 
developed a classification system that defines the degree of driving automation a vehicle and its 
equipment may offer. The levels span from zero to five, ranging from vehicles without this technology 
to entirely self-driving vehicles.
SAE Levels of Driving Automation
LEVEL 0
What does  
the human in  
the driver’s seat  
have to do?
Human Machine
What do these 
features do?
Example 
Features
© 2021 SAE International
LEVEL 2 LEVEL 4LEVEL 1 LEVEL 3 LEVEL 5
 You are driving  You are not driving 
When these automated driving features are engaged - even if you are seated in 
“the driver’s seat”
When the feature request
You must drive
These features are limited 
to providing warnings and 
momentary assistance
 Automatic emergency  
   braking
 Blind spot warnings
 Lane departure warning
 Traffic jam  
   chauffeur
 Local driverless taxi
 Pedals/steering  
   wheel may or may 
   not be installed
These features 
provide steering OR 
brake/acceleration 
support to the driver
 Lane centering
   or
 Adaptive cruise 
   control
These features provide 
steering AND brake/
acceleration support to 
the driver
 Same as level 4,  
   but feature can 
   drive everywhere 
   in all conditions
This feature can drive 
the vehicle under all 
conditions
These features can drive the vehicle under limited 
conditions and will not operate unless  
all required conditions are met
These automated driving features will not require 
you to take over driving
You must constantly supervise these support features:  
you must steer, brake or accelerate as needed to maintain safety
Whenever these driver support features are engaged - even if your feet are off 
the pedals and you are not steering
These are driver support features
Responsibility
These are automated driving features
 Lane centering
   and
 Adaptive cruise control 
   at the same time
150


Page 151:
A new Level 2+ is also emerging on the market as an intermediate system before full automation (Level 
3 and above). There is no formal definition of Level 2+, such that different approaches are currently 
being taken by different automakers. In some cases, Level 2+ refers to enhancements of driving 
capabilities/maneuvers and extensions of operational design domains compared to Level 2, but with 
the driver still fully responsible and required to maintain eyes on the road and hands on the wheel and 
feet "off" with braking and acceleration controlled by the system. In other approaches, the Level 2+ 
system allows the driver to take the hands off of the steering wheel to improve the driving comfort 
for a more specific set of driving maneuvers and operating conditions, such as during long travels on 
highways that mostly require Automated Cruise Control (ACC) and lane centering functionality for 
extended periods of time. Stellantis has launched a Level 2+ system in the U.S. in 2023 on some vehicles 
of the Jeep brand (it should be noted that ADAS European and Chinese regulations do not allow Level 
2+ hands off driving at the current time).
To offer those new functions and services that improve the mobility experience and provide greater 
access to affordable solutions, the Company organization is set up to pursue a multi-partner strategy 
for developing advanced driver assistance and autonomous driving technologies, working with leaders 
in their respective industries.
Considering the challenges and opportunities presented by the advances in autonomous driving 
and connectivity, we are devoting resources to research and develop an approach to address 
changing consumer expectations driven by growing demand for safety, convenience, connectivity 
and quality time.
Our ongoing partnerships include major technology players in autonomous driving. In 2023, we 
continue to further strengthen our ongoing partnership in the area of Automated Driving:
 ■ the co-development project with BMW of a platform which will allow Stellantis to support features 
from Level 2, Level 2+ and Level 3 across a wide range of vehicles and geographies.
 ■ the Waymo cooperation on Level 4 autonomy has been extended to include light commercial vehicles 
specific use cases, which could bring several new business opportunities to the market.
In addition, Stellantis will include the upgrade over-the-air (OTA) of ADAS and Autonomous Driving 
functions for its future vehicles, leveraging the capabilities provided by new centralized ADAS hardware 
and architecture. The non-binding memorandum of understanding signed with Foxconn in 2021 and 
announced as the joint venture SiliconAuto in 2023, aims at developing three families of chips that will 
cover over 80% of the Company’s micro-controllers needs, helping to greatly simplify the supply chain. 
Adoption and installation of products into Stellantis vehicles is targeted by 2026.
Stellantis also has particular focus on validation and safety, which are key for being able to put highly 
automated driving features on the market. Many important research institutes are involved with 
Stellantis in this field (i.e., SystemX and VEDECOM in France). Stellantis also leverages several major 
cooperative funded projects such as L3Pilot (project finished in 2021 on level 3 driving pre-deployment 
project  4.1.7.3 , HiDrive (in use monitoring of driver for Level 3), successors of PEGASUS in Germany 
(Set Level 4 to 5, etc.) and SAM (Scenario database for ADAS and Autonomous driving Level 3) in 
France.
Several projects are also in place for the development of the technologies on autonomous driving and 
connectivity such as Imagine (V2X) in Germany and C-ROADS (V2X), Mise VeDi 2025 and Mise Scala 
AD in Europe
In addition, the Joint Research Laboratory (Joint LAB), with Valeo and Safran on Artificial Intelligence 
for Driving Automation (Level 2/Level 3) is noteworthy among our current research partnerships 7.
Stellantis N.V. and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. announced a multi-year technology collaboration to 
utilize the latest Snapdragon® Digital Chassis advancements to deliver intelligent, customizable and 
immersive in-vehicle experiences to millions of vehicles across Stellantis’ 14 iconic automotive brands 
beginning in 2024. Leveraging the Snapdragon® Cockpit Platforms and 5G capabilities for telematics 
systems, Stellantis will have the capability to meet customers’ evolving expectations for personalized 
and cutting-edge experiences that are continually upgradeable. This agreement will facilitate 
Stellantis’ plan to merge all software domains into High Performance Computers, leveraging the high-
performance, low-power Snapdragon Automotive Platforms across all major vehicle domains as well 
as contribute to securing Stellantis’ supply chain on strategic components.
New Tech Platforms Coming in 2024 
The heart of the transformation to customer-centric services is the new electrical/electronic (E/E) and 
software architecture.
Three new tech platforms are expected to be ready beginning in 2024, at scale, across the four vehicle 
platforms of Stellantis over the following two years:
 ■ STLA Brain planned to be fully OTA capable, with 30 modules addressed, versus 10 today, making 
it highly flexible. It is a service-oriented architecture that aims to be fully integrated with the cloud 
that connects electronic control units within the vehicle with the vehicle’s central high performing 
computer (HPC) via a high-speed data bus. It is designed to breaks today’s bond between hardware 
and software generations, enabling software developers to create and update features and 
services quickly without waiting for a new hardware launch. These OTA updates should allow us to 
dramatically reduce costs for both the customers and Stellantis, simplify maintenance for the user 
and sustain vehicle residual values.
7 Stellantis and Qualcomm Collaborate to Power New Vehicle Platforms with Snapdragon Digital Chassis 
Solutions: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/april/stellantis-and-qualcomm-collaborate-to-
power-new-vehicle-platforms-with-snapdragon-digital-chassis-solutions
151


Page 152:
 ■ STLA SmartCockpit, to be built on top of STLA Brain, is intended to seamlessly integrate with the 
digital lives of vehicle occupants to create a customizable third living space. STLA SmartCockpit 
is built in collaboration with Amazon’s automotive offering – Amazon Digital Cabin which aims 
at bringing scalable and modular software platform for cockpit applications. The development of 
SmartCockpit is done leveraging the Mobile Drive joint venture between Stellantis and Foxconn. 
STLA SmartCockpit is expected to be cloud first and designed to deliver always refreshed content 
and services leveraging 5G connectivity. STLA SmartCockpit will deliver AI based experiences in the 
field of Navigation, Voice Assistance, e-Com market place and payment services.
 ■ STLA AutoDrive is being developed in partnership with BMW, to offer Level 2, Level 2+ and Level 3 
autonomous driving capabilities and with continuous upgrades through OTA updates 8.
Software-defined vehicles play a key role in Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan with 34 million 
monetizable connected cars on the road by 2030.
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF SOFTWARE STRATEGY
To support the development of mobility services, including via autonomous driving, 
Stellantis endeavors to deploy its next-generation tech platforms, building on existing 
connected vehicle capabilities to generate approximately €20 billion in incremental 
annual revenues by 2030.
This transformation will move Stellantis’ vehicles from today’s dedicated electronic 
architectures to an open software-defined platform that seamlessly integrates with 
customers’ digital lives. 
8 Stellantis Awards $22,000 As College Teams Tackle First Hackathon: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-
releases/2022/april/stellantis-awards-22000-as-college-teams-tackle-first-hackathon?utm_source=EN-Press%20
Releases&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=A187_Stellantis%20Awards%20%2422%2C000%20As%20
College%20Teams%20Tackle%20First%20Hackathon_27042022
Stellantis hardware, software and artificial intelligence platform solutions
STLA AutoDrive STLA SmartCockpit
STLA Brain
4.1.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS 
4.1.7.1 Overall Mobility Solutions and Services
Free2move and Leasys offer a variety of mobility services to B2C and B2B customers in some European 
countries and for Free2move in the U.S. too. Free2move services include short term rental, car sharing, 
subscription, charging options whereas Leasys offers rental and fleet management services.
152


Page 153:
CUSTOMIZED AND AFFORDABLE TRANSPORT SOLUTIONS
Rental / Subscriptions Urban mobility / Urban  
carsharing / Ride hailing
I need 
a car
…from  
a minute
Digital urban car sharing, partly 
electrified in Europe and ICE in the U.S.
…for  
a few days
Short-term rental 
service 
Peer to peer car sharing with a 
restricted number of people or "friends" 
defined by the contract owner.
Corporate car sharing
...for 
several 
months
Monthly car subscription 
without commitment
Pay-per-use long term 
rental, monthly fee 
varying with mileage
…unlimited
Long-term rental 
product with unlimited 
mileage for LEV vehicles
articulating service offering 
around all types of rental needs
MAKE LIFE EASIER
Services Developed by Stellantis
Trip assistance /  
Predictive maintenance
500,000 parking lots 
in 65 countries
Digital application for 
monitoring of fleet performance 
and preventive maintenance
Drivers’ APP to access all Leasys 
products and services, access 
e-charging infrastructure and 
interaction with Leasys
Uconnect cloud-based platform to power connectivity, 
offering a full array of services and deliver an enhanced 
user experience
Traffic management / 
Charging options
600,000 terminals  
in Europe
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
Fleet solutions
Advice solution for corporate transition to electric 
mobility
Long-term leasing/rental services for B2B and 
B2C customers
Fleet handling and maintenance service
Fleet handling and maintenance service for PHEV
Medium-sized and large business car fleet sharing
B2B and B2C platform that enables Customers and Fleet 
Managers to monitor the performance of a single vehicle 
or a corporate fleet to maximize the performance
Bespoke B2B platform enabling large corporate’s 
internal customers to configure their vehicle
Partnerships
TomTom Traffic 
Connected Navigation
Smarter Cities
 Fleet Management platform
Masternaut (Fleet Management)
Note: the following logo 
  corresponds to Free2move services. Here are more details for a selection of Mobility Solutions and Services offered by Stellantis (among the list described above).
Long-Term Rental 
Developing data as a service business and 
specialized B2B data products and services
 Overview of Mobility Solutions and Services offered by Stellantis
153


Page 154:
In 2023, the following main initiatives contributed to the Stellantis results in offering products tailored 
to stimulate customers’ approach to the new electric technologies as well as to facilitate that experience 
while guaranteeing maximum flexibility to reassess their needs at any time.
4.1.7.1.1 CUSTOMIZED AND AFFORDABLE TRANSPORT SOLUTIONS
F2M MOBILITY HUB - At Free2move, we have designed an innovative mobility service model that 
adapts to our customers. This solution is available in the U.S. and in Europe. It allows customers to rent 
a car available around them in the street through our application, for a few minutes, hours, days or even 
months with commitment-free subscription. If the customer needs the car for a longer time, the rental 
contract adapts automatically to the customer’s usage. 
Free2move offers additional services to support the consumers’ journey such as the reservation of 
parking spaces, car with drivers (Ride hailing), access to EV charging stations in Europe with eSolutions 
(accounting to more than 600,000 charging stations in 29 countries), all accessible either on the 
website 9, via the Free2move mobile app in 170 countries or via the Free2move eSolutions Charging 
app available to download in Google Play, Apple Store and also from the website 10:
 ■
  
Carsharing: Free2move and Share Now together offer car sharing services in 19 cities worldwide 
(Madrid, Paris, Portland, Washington D.C., Vienna, Budapest, Copenhagen, Milan, Rome, Turin, 
Amsterdam, Stuttgart, Berlin, Cologne, Munich, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg and Münster) where 
it is possible to locate more than 10,200 cars in an instant.
 ■
  
Rent: In more than 170 countries, relying on its network of franchisees, dealers and partners, 
Free2move provides access to more than 450,000 vehicles on a daily rental basis. 
 ■
  
Car On Demand: For even more flexibility, Free2move offers its customers a subscription service that allows 
them to rent vehicles of multiple brands on a monthly basis and without any time commitment. In 2023, this 
service was available in France, Spain, Portugal, UK, Italy, Germany, Greece and the USA (in Washington D.C., 
Portland, Denver, Austin, Los Angeles, Detroit, Key West, La Porte, Naples, Charles City, Jackson and Miami) .
Leasys Miles - Pay-per-use long term rental where monthly fee is made of a fixed element plus a variable 
element based on the number of real miles driven. A product designed for the low-mileage consumer 
that can enjoy lower cost together with the full services offered by a professional mobility operator.
Leasys Unlimited - Designed for the electric consumer of today and tomorrow, Unlimited is a long-
term rental product fully serviced and including unlimited mileage. Leasys Unlimited guarantees peace 
of mind for the intensive use of electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles.
9 https://www.free2move.com/en-US/
10 https://www.esolutions.free2move.com/document-library/apps/
Leasys I-Link - In 2020 I-Link was born, a peer-to-peer car sharing platform, designed to allow 
the Leasys’ customer to be able to share the rented car with a community (of friends, relatives or 
colleagues) up to a maximum of 10 people. This solution is completely in line with the circular economy 
trend and it allows to reduce the total cost of ownership by sharing the car usage. 
Leasys I-Share - Companies can optimize the logistics management of shared cars thanks to the I-Share 
corporate car sharing platform which facilitates the use and sharing of company vehicles. Through the use of 
keyless technology, the monitoring platform for fleet managers and the app for the use of the service by the 
drivers, administrative management becomes easier and the fleet is always on the move and under control.
4.1.7.1.2 MAKE LIFE EASIER
F2M eSolutions Charging App - Trip optimization. This app makes it possible for users to locate more 
than 600,000 charging stations in Europe (versus 405,000 in 2022) and to optimize their journeys 
according to their charging needs.
Leasys I-Care - It is the innovative Leasys service system designed to improve driver safety, vehicle 
efficiency and logistical optimization of the fleet. Through the installation of remote diagnosis and 
infomobility devices on vehicles, Leasys I-Care allows customers to remotely monitor the status of the 
vehicle, with the aim of becoming more easily aware of the theft, breakdowns or malfunctions.
Leasys UMOVE App - Trip optimization - Drivers’ app to access all Leasys products and services, 
locate e-charging infrastructure, perform a number of customer services independently and from a 
smartphone.
4.1.7.1.3 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
LEASYS - Leasys S.a.s (holding) is headquartered in France. Leasys offers innovative, smart and 
sustainable mobility solutions to large companies, small and medium enterprises and private individuals.
Leasys develops diversified rental solutions customized for any fleet with the objective to make 
fleet management more efficient and safer. Companies are offered vehicles of the best brands, with 
the added value of consulting, management and technological capabilities rooted in experience and 
strategy, thanks also to dedicated digital platforms designed to meet their needs.
With more than 20 years of experience and with a managed fleet of over 870,000 vehicles, Leasys is in 
the long-term rental mobility arena and one of the main players in Europe.
154


Page 155:
F2M e-Mobility Advisor - Trip optimization - Personalized advice solution born from the need 
expressed by companies to be supported in their transition to electric mobility. Free2move helps them 
in their energy transition thanks to an evaluation of the electro-compatibility of their vehicle fleet 
based on the actual uses of their employees.
F2M PHEV Connect - Trip optimization - Free2move has developed a PHEV fleet cost monitoring 
software to optimize the use of plug-in hybrid vehicles.
Mobilisights - Stellantis has created a new data entity, Mobilisights, which is fully dedicated to 
developing data as a service business and specialized B2B data products and services. Free2move will 
continue its growth in the fleet management business, supported with strong and reliable data and 
application programming interfaces (APIs) coming from Mobilisights. 
My Leasys - B2B and B2C platform for the monitoring of each vehicle’s performance and maintenance 
status. Through My-Leasys customers are also able to initiate a broad range of customer services, 
make inquiries and access contractual and vehicle documentation from the comfort of their home 
or office. My-Leasys enables B2B Customers and Fleet Managers to monitor the performance of the 
corporate fleet and maximize its performance. 
Leasys I-Quote - Bespoke B2B platform enabling large corporate’s internal customers to configure their 
vehicle in compliance with each company’s car policies. An asset for the efficient operation of corporate fleets. 
4.1.7.1.4 Main results
 ■ Business results : The financial growth of the two organizations was achieved due to high 
operational performance:
 ● Free2move: a worldwide mobility leader with subscription of active users up to 750% versus 2021;;
 ● Leasys: the equally held joint venture between Stellantis and Crédit Agricole, in July 2021, debuted 
Green Bond issuance for €500 million to finance its electrification strategy and, in particular, the 
acquisition of LEV vehicles with emissions lower than 50g CO2/km. 
In the Allocation and Impact Report, in order to give disclosure to the investors in Green Bond, it is 
reported the Leasys Portfolio Overview, as of December 31, 2022, of the Green Bond proceed allocation:
 ● Number of Low Emission Vehicles in the fleet (<50g CO2/km): 23.839, of which 68% are Battery 
Electric vehicles (BEV) and 32% are plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV), corresponding to an 
Acquisition Value of €603 million
 ● The fleet spans eight countries 11
11 https://corporate.leasys.com/corporate/investor-relations/greenbond/2023/LEA_BilancioGreen2023_SLIDE%20
RGB_23_05_.pdf
 ■ Leasys ESG policy : over the last years, Leasys adopted a comprehensive CSR approach.  
As significant employer across Europe, Leasys also feels the responsibility to contribute to the 
societal wellbeing of staff and that of the communities it serves. Leasys adopted a variety of 
measures to promote responsible business conduct, a diverse and inclusive workplace and clear, 
transparent communication to consumers and the investor community.
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Free2move eSolutions is the joint venture between Stellantis and NHOA Group created  
in 2021, with the goal to become a leader in the design, development, manufacturing and 
distribution of electric mobility products. In a spirit of innovation and as a pioneer, the 
joint venture will guide the transition to new forms of electric mobility, to contribute to 
the reduction of CO2 emissions. 
Leasys, within the context of climate change and the challenges it represents globally, 
believes that the mobility industry in which it operates has a clear responsibility to 
minimize its CO2 footprint. Therefore, Leasys embraces these international goals and, 
with the aim to reduce substantially carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and it is committed 
to stimulate an acceleration of its customers’ transition towards cleaner technologies 
and ultimately, to contribute to the long-term sustainability of its activities.
To create awareness on the reduced environmental impacts of car sharing solutions, Free2move 
organizes programs to sensitize customers about the importance of this new mode of transportation 
and cooperate with the local authorities to raise consciousness of citizens about the importance 
of car sharing. 
Free2move group is part of various associations to promote and develop car sharing:
 ■ in France, the Association des Acteurs de L'Autopartage (AAA); 
 ■ in Spain the Asociación de VehículosCompartidos en España (AVCE) that Free2move leads and 
where it holds also the presidency, country where Free2move also is working on the first Spanish 
Carsharing Barometer, which will contain also policies and recommendations for local governments, 
while also being a member of the Spanish EV Association (AEDIVE);
 ■ in Italy, the ANIASA (car rental and carsharing association), Assosharing (pure sharing mobility 
association of which Free2move is among the founders, vicepresident and coordinator for car 
sharing companies unit), and Assolombarda (Milan and Lombardy region companies’ association) of 
which Free2move is member of the mobility, infrastructure and smart city technical group);
 ■ in the Netherlands, the Coalition of Car Sharing Providers (Coalitie van Deelauto-aanbieders, CVD). 
For instance, in November 2021, the AAA has published the first guide for local authorities to 
accelerate the development of car sharing in all areas, and the CVD since its founding in August 
2022, has successfully turned several impactful measures in favor of the development of car 
sharing in all areas.
155


Page 156:
Moreover, for each time Free2move opened its services in a new city, it seized the opportunity to 
communicate widely about it on its social medias, through digital out of home and online videos 
advertising or with journalists invitations or press releases. 
Free2move is also working with local authorities of cities it collaborates with, to support the 
implementation of car sharing services and highlights the numerous advantages that it brings to the 
people and their mobility needs 12. 
The company is also taking part in the European Mobility Week which is an important way to share our 
insights about how car sharing can help reduce the environmental impacts of cars.
This year’s event shed light on the topic of “saving energy”, a theme that is at the core not only of 
politicians’ decisions but also of the services of Free2move, that as a global mobility brand is offering a 
complete and unique ecosystem for private and professional customers to do their part on reducing their 
dependence on private cars and thus saving energy and positively impacting their carbon footprint 13.
4.1.7.2 Special Mobility Needs 
Stellantis supports individuals with special mobility needs. For an individual with a disability, accessible 
mobility can offer an increased level of independence. At Stellantis, the Autonomy and DriveAbility 
program are designed to help customers with permanent disabilities by providing financial assistance 
toward the purchase of appropriate customizable adaptive equipment. 
In 2023, there were 3,390 customized vehicles sold through the Autonomy program to customers in 
Italy (versus 3,150 in 2022). Revenues from the sale of these vehicles in Italy totaled €64,4 million in 2023 
(versus €52 million in 2022). In addition, about 1,300 people benefited during the year from the services 
offered through the Autonomy program’s 16 Mobility Centers in Italy. These Centers are managed in 
collaboration with local associations, rehabilitation centers, health authorities and the department of 
motor vehicles. The services offered include assistance with a range of administrative, legal and technical 
issues, fitness-to-drive screening assessments, and information on test drives. 
In 2023, on the occasion of the Stellantis Autonomy event, the new simulator was officially presented, to be 
equipped in the Stellantis Mobility Centers, starting with the Stellantis & You of Piazza Cattaneo based in Turin.
Furthermore, the tool is not just a simple Driving Simulator, but a more complex Verifier of People's 
Residual Capabilities (VCR 2023), capable of testing people abilities both in the mobility aspects, 
sensorial and in the cognitive ones. In Italy there are currently 15 Mobility Centers, specialized structures 
where disabled people can find the necessary medical and technical advice to obtain a Special Driving 
License 14. 
12 https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.do?id=23560&mid=1402
13 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/free2move/press/europeanmobilityweek-free2move-boosts-
sustainable-urban-mobility
14 Italian PR July 23, 2023 https://www.media.stellantis.com/it-it/corporate-communications/press/in-occasione-
dell-evento-autonomy-stellantis-presenta-il-nuovo-simulatore-per-i-suoi-centri-di-mobilita
The U.S.-based program, DriveAbility, is a financial assistance program to help customers with 
permanent disabilities enter, exit and operate a new vehicle. The program provides financial assistance 
up to $1,000 USD of the expense for installing adaptive driver or passenger equipment. DriveAbility 
supplies vehicles to a network of 20 vehicle modifiers, who operate more than 600 sales and service 
outlets across the U.S. Since 2010, the DriveAbility program has provided more than 50,000 customer 
assistance grants (of which 813 mobility customer grants in 2023 alone, an increase of 27,3% compared 
to previous year). Along with financial assistance for adaptive equipment, the program has provided 
learning sessions where rehabilitation specialists present the latest in advanced safety and convenience 
technology features available on our vehicles to benefit special mobility needs.
4.1.7.3 Autonomous vehicle main implementations
As Stellantis focuses on its automated vehicle strategy, we have been able to achieve progress in 2023 such as:
 ■ Developing of Level 2+ technology in vehicles for the U.S. market with validation phases in 2023
 ■ Enhancement of level 2 applications such as semi-autonomous lane change for L2 and L2+
 ■ Several Infrastructure – To - Vehicle (ITV) test 
ITV TEST IN A FRANCE PORTION OF HIGHWAYS IN 2023, FOLLOWING THE 
PREVIOUS EXPERIMENTS ON AUTONOMOUS DRIVING TEST IN REAL CONDITIONS 
A first experimentation carried out with VINCI Autoroutes consisted on using the 
equipment of the A86 Highway Tunnel “Duplex”, which is composed of High Definition 
mapping of the Duplex and an ITV Platform, in order to be able to locate any object or 
event with a precision of less than 5 cm, allowing secure data exchanges between the 
infrastructure and autonomous vehicles. 
A second one, made with VINCI in the context of the French cooperative project “SAM” 
(Safety and Acceptability of Autonomous Mobility), has allowed to perform a complete 
course in Autonomous Mode from the multimodal mobility station of Longvilliers to the 
Massy TGV railway station managing complex scenarios 100% in autonomous mode such as 
roundabouts, entering in the highways by toll station, performing autonomous lane change 
on highways and exiting to the Massy Railway Station parking, using ITV communication 15. 
 ■ Level 2 technology complementary launches in China 
 ■ Active safety features continuously enhanced with for example the 4th generation of Lane Departure 
Warning and Keeping Assist to cover extensive uses cases to improve the safety benefit
 ■ Further deployment of advanced features in ADAS across Stellantis portfolio such as night vision, 
driver monitoring system, automated park assist and rear and lateral collision avoidance.
15 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzUqGdqCkdw
156


Page 157:
STELLANTIS SHARES RESULTS OF L3PILOT AUTOMATED DRIVING PROJECT 
Stellantis presented its contributions to the L3Pilot automated driving project at the 
L3Pilot final event in Hamburg, Germany, in conjunction with ITS World Congress, in 
October 2021. The event included driving demonstrations on nearby motorways with 
several vehicles with Level 3 technologies which have been presented 16.
On 22 December 2022, Stellantis NV finalized its project of acquisition of aiMotive, a leading 
developer of advanced artificial intelligence and autonomous driving software Start-up. 
This acquisition will accelerate our journey to become a sustainable mobility tech company 
and deliver our Dare Forward 2030 goals. It will enhance Stellantis’ artificial intelligence and 
autonomous driving core technology, expand our global talent pool, and foster the mid-
term development of Stellantis all-new STLA AutoDrive platform 17. 
Autonomous vehicles results
Mobile Drive Joint Venture
Mobile Drive, the co-owned Stellantis and Foxconn joint venture announced in 2021, is focused on 
infotainment, telematics and cloud service platform development with software innovations expected 
to include artificial intelligence-based applications, 5G communication, upgraded over-the-air (OTA) 
services, e-commerce opportunities and SmartCockpit integrations. It will combine Stellantis’ global 
vehicle design and engineering expertise with Foxconn’s global development in the rapidly changing 
software and hardware realms of smartphones and consumer electronics. The combination will 
position Mobile Drive at the forefront of global efforts to offer disruptive smart cockpit solution that 
will seamlessly integrate the automobile into the driver’s mobile-centric lifestyle providing the digital 
experience of the future at the speed our customers demand.
Mobile Drive teams have been actively engaged in the development of SmartCockpit and the next 
generation Mobile App - STLA Space App that will be rolled out globally. In addition Mobile Drive is also 
engaged in accelerating feature development for the existing car park.
Other innovative partnerships include the one with Archer Aviation to support the development of 
vertical take-off vehicles. Archer is benefiting from access to Stellantis low-cost supply chain, advanced 
composite material capabilities, and engineering and design experience.
16 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2021/october/stellantis-shares-results-of-l3pilot-
automated-driving-project?utm_source=EN-Press%20Releases&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=A037_
Stellantis%20Shares%20Results%20of%20L3Pilot%20Automated%20Driving%20Project_13102021
17 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/december/stellantis-completes-acquisition-of-
aimotive-to-accelerate-autonomous-driving-journey
Distance  
(km driven) in 
autonomous mode  
(when available)
>1M Km
Number of autonomous vehicles developed 
by the Company or through partnerships 
and tested internally or by other partners 
of the Company, for on the road testing
>30
Scenario database
Around 50,000,000
detailed scenarios 
extracted from all the 
driving databases
4.2 VEHICLE AND SERVICE QUALITY - CUSTOMER 
SATISFACTION
4.2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION  GRI 3-3
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #9 Vehicle and service quality - Customer satisfaction
Customer satisfaction hinges on product and service quality. We know that exceptional quality leads 
to continued customer loyalty and economic growth. The key factors for customer loyalty are customer 
satisfaction, positive customer experiences and the overall value of the goods or services a customer 
perceives. Strong relationships with customers lead to increased customer loyalty. At Stellantis, we are 
focused on improving the reliability and quality of our products, our ability to understand customer 
mobility needs, that vary across markets, vehicle service quality, customer advocacy and further 
developing our customer relationship processes and communication channels.
We adhere to regulatory requirements and incorporate best practices to provide comprehensive 
information to our customers, such as information related to warranties, repair and replace services. 
We also work to ensure that application of certified international quality standards (e.g., IATF 16949 
specific to the automotive industry) is embedded throughout our processes. 
Company’s public position 
In the era of multi-channel and customer centric communication, the approach has switched from 
being transactional to personal tailored communications, with the customer as the central focus. “We 
are Customer Centric” is embedded within Stellantis’ core values. The Company is committed to a 
proactive approach, listening closely to its customers to improve their experience through an optimized 
and personalized customer journey. 
A broad range of services are available, which bring to life our customer centric approach. This is true for 
services during the vehicle sale reception, advice, getting to know the vehicle, financing, and insurance 
options by the dedicated brands in Stellantis and after the vehicle sale handling, maintenance, repair 
and spare parts replacement.
Stellantis’ approach to innovation is about meeting the new expectations of its customers. While 
differing from one country to the next, those new expectations follow key trends, namely the shift 
from ownership to experience, calls for progress in all market segments, and the very highest security 
and safety standards. We participate in discussions and quality councils with industry associations, e.g., 
AIAG, where teams of volunteers from OEMs and suppliers collaborate to solve issues that are common 
to the automotive industry. For economic, environmental and social reasons, the automotive world is 
transitioning from the era of the vehicle to that of mobility. Stellantis’ innovation strategy for 2030 is 
consistent with that paradigm shift and aims to respond to the changing needs of customers.
157


Page 158:
4.2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS 
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #9 Vehicle and service quality - Customer satisfaction
VISION/AMBITION: Be Number 1 in syndicated surveys in customer satisfaction with excellent quality vehicles, services and mobility, providing a seamless customer journey, worldwide  4.2.5 .
OWNER: Chief Customer Experience Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
Customer satisfaction: presence rate of Stellantis brands in the first quartile of the product and service 
syndicated surveys, in the main markets. Year for base 100 is 2021, target is +20% each year18
160 (2024) 280 All Stellantis brands 
in the first quartile
100 104 89
3 months in service repairs rate: percentage of reduction vs reference year 202119 -40% (2022)
-55% (2024)
-75% -80% 100 -28.8% -42.6%
Customer satisfaction as measured by Net Promoter Scores (NPS) (New Vehicle sales + After-
Sales). Year for base 100: 202120
Sales: 103
Aftersales: 109
Sales: 109 
Aftersales: 117
Sales: 114
Aftersales: 121
100 Sales: 102
Aftersales: 101
Sales: 100
Aftersales: 100
18 Reference scope:
• Product: Things gone wrong, overall satisfaction 
• Service: sales, after-sales
• 13 markets: France, UK, Germany, Spain, Italy, Turkey, Brazil, Argentina, China, Japan, India, South Korea, U.S. 
• The KPI is the average value of the four indicators (product and service) on the 13 markets 
19 This KPI is calculated using the warranty database. As results are confidential, they are given using a base 100 2021.
20 This KPI is based on syndicated surveys results. Base 100 2021 means that 2021 results are used as a reference 
and converted to 100. Future results will be compared to 2021 and presented as percentage of evolution.
Results are not aligned with expectations, impacted by cumulative crises (economic uncertainty, 
deliveries issues mainly on chips and components shortage, automotive transformation and customer 
adaptation to engine changes) in main markets.
Every customer counts and, thus, we capitalize on the current situation to strengthen customer 
centricity actions throughout the company. The objective is to be even more reactive to meet customer 
expectations evolution, and maintain our target on high quality and customer experience.
We have mitigation plans for both product and service quality, and we should see positive impacts on 
2024 results.
4.2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES 
4.2.3.1 Risks 
Quality has an important impact on customer satisfaction and loyalty. The potential loss of customers 
and negative brand image are risks that the organization pays close attention to, via customer feedback 
methods. 
The process of risks identification involves our customers, through surveys. As an illustration of these 
risks, the results of one of our surveys (refer to items 1 and 2) show that the more problems a vehicle 
has the less likely it is that a customer will remain loyal to the brand. 
158


Page 159:
1. Survey results regarding the relationship between incidents and product quality satisfaction 
score
Customers are asked to provide their experience during the first 90 days of vehicle ownership.
We can see that a customer who has not had a vehicle problem within the first 90 days gives a 
9.00 average satisfaction score while a customer who has had three problems gives a 7.77 average 
satisfaction score.
Impact of number of problem on Overall satisfaction (OSAT) score21
5
0 1 2 3 4 5 > 6
6
7
Overal satisfaction - New car
Number of incidents during the first 90 days of vehicle ownership
8
9
10
 All Brands of the Survey
 
Relationship between incidents and 
product quality satisfaction score
21 Scope of the survey: Results May 2021
All brands sold in the five major markets in Europe: France, Germany, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom. 
Deliveries between September 2019 and August 2020. 
Questionnaire sent to customers after three months of ownership
2. Survey results regarding the relationship between loyalty and product quality
When customers experience problems with their vehicles, we risk losing brand loyalty, which results in 
a negative financial impact for Stellantis. The probability of a customer repurchasing the same brand 
as their previous vehicle is:
 ■ 23% when a satisfaction score of 5 is given for their previous vehicle
 ■ 50% when a satisfaction score of 9 is given for their previous vehicle
Impact of OSAT with the previous car on Loyality to the brand22
0
<5 5 6 7 8 9 10
20
40
Loyalty to the brand
Score: Overall satisfaction with the previous car
50
60
70
30
10
 
 Relationship between loyalty 
and product quality
22 Scope of the survey: Results May 2021
All brands, European Market 5 countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom)
Deliveries between September 2019 and August 2020
Questionnaire sent to customers after 3 months of ownership
159


Page 160:
3. Survey results regarding the relationship between loyalty to the brand and aftersales  
satisfaction
When customers have a positive aftersales service experience, the potential for loyalty to the brand 
and official dealers’ network is increased.
Higher customer satisfaction with the service experience leads to higher brand loyalty rates.
2021 U. S. Customer Service Index Study (CSI) as of March 202123
 Relationship between loyalty to the 
brand and aftersales satisfaction
23 Scope of the survey: Original owners of light vehicles – cars and trucks, personal use vehicles only:
Registration Period:
• 2018 Models: July 2017 – February 2018
• 2019 Models: July 2018 – February 2019
• 2020 Models: July 2019 – February 2020
Source: J.D. Power 2020 Customer Service Index (CSI) Study (CSI Scores are based on 1-3 years owners)
              J.D. Power Power Information Network (PIN) trade-in VIN data matched to 2020 CSI Study
20%
21%
49%
19%
59%
23%
64%
37%
67%
851 to 950701 to 850 951 and Higher700 and Less
40%
60%
Loyalty to the brand
CSI Score
CSI Score
18 points
Category mix
70%
80%
50%
30%
4.2.3.2 Opportunities
Feedback is an important part of the process to develop improvements. Applying the findings from 
customer surveys supports decisions on the most beneficial way to deploy resources. 
Stellantis has the opportunity to strengthen customer satisfaction regarding vehicle and 
service quality. 
We work to develop and implement initiatives that are designed to create a positive customer 
experience. We are implementing several innovative initiatives to attract and retain customers  4.2.7 .
 ■ Innovation in manufacturing quality
To support the continuous improvement approach to the quality of our products, Stellantis has 
implemented an innovation based on Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology. These improvements 
have made it possible to automate various control stations throughout the production line, vehicle 
and mechanical component factories to verify the quality of the manufacturing process.
 ■ Product predictive maintenance
We work consistently on anticipating failures such as ones requiring towing, and more quickly 
identifying the root cause of complex failures. The goal is that the vehicle spends as little time as 
possible at the dealership and that the customer is more satisfied.
 
We work to develop and implement initiatives that 
are designed to create a positive customer experience
4.2.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS 
The Customer Experience organization represents the customer’s voice inside Stellantis, and its mission 
is to satisfy the customer’s expectations. The Chief Customer Experience Officer is an EVP member of 
the Top Executive Team and the Strategy Council. The Officer has the responsibility to decide when 
the vehicles quality meets the customers’ level of expectations, and are ready to be sold around the 
world. The Officer defines quality targets for product and services and the mid-term plan, which covers 
three years, and is reviewed with the Top Executive Team twice a year to ensure we are challenging 
ourselves to meet the ever-changing market. To meet these targets around the world, the Chief 
Customer Experience Officer delegates the authority to local business units and plant Directors to 
capture their market needs and expedite the results.
The authority is defined in the Quality Policy, which governs the teams throughout the whole value 
chain: from the design of our products and our services, to the support of each of our customers, 
everywhere in the world.
To ensure that the Quality Policy is applied, the Quality Management System (QMS) is used to identify 
the requirements linked to quality results. These requirements are the basis for the Company’s 
operational processes and quality standards, which are continuously improved. The results from the 
field assessments support the conclusion that the QMS is efficient and makes it possible to identify 
improvement actions.
160


Page 161:
The heads of Customer Experience of the divisions and the regions control the implementation of the 
Quality Policy and are responsible for their QMS. They involve all the players with whom the Company 
works with in the extended company such as suppliers, industrial partners, subsidiaries, importers 
and commercial networks to ensure the achievement of Quality results. Each region reports its results 
during the monthly Business Review led by the CEO.
In manufacturing – in compliance with the regulatory requirements of the countries or regions in which 
we operate – Stellantis plants are certified according to the standards:
 ■ ISO 9001 for vehicle manufacturing plants
 ■ ISO 9001 or IATF 16949 for powertrain and raw materials plants.
The Company’s quality governance is global:
 ■ the Chief Customer Experience Officer manages the Corporate Customer Experience Division, 
oversees the Heads of Customer Experience of the regions, brands, and other corporate divisions, 
and ensures that the Company meets its quality objectives
 ■ the Customer Experience teams in the Company Divisions oversee operational managers, provide 
technical guidelines that include expectations to reach quality targets in all regions
 ■ the Customer Experience teams in the regions are in charge of the quality of the region’s products 
and services, as well as plants and points of sale.
Members of the Top Executive Team, including the Chief Customer Experience Officer, identify and 
confirm the strategic quality ambitions and guide the quality initiatives of the business units and 
regions. Stellantis has set quality targets consistent with its ambition in customer satisfaction. The 
Customer Experience Division performs internal and external communication throughout the year to 
disseminate the concept of being customer-centric through technical and soft skills training, supplier 
quality meetings and internal communication channels.
4.2.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY 
The Stellantis Quality Policy is supported by the CEO and communicated to employees worldwide.
Managers have to ensure that everyone on their team is aware of the policy and implements the 
actions to support it within their scope. 
For Stellantis, being Number 1 means: being the best in customer satisfaction with excellent quality 
vehicles, services and mobility, providing a seamless customer journey, worldwide. This includes: 
 ■ Customer Experience being at top level 
 ■ Targeting zero defects on products and zero complaints regarding the services for our brands
 ■ Sustainable quality throughout the product life cycle
 ■ Exemplary responsiveness to customer feedback.
 
Being Number 1 means: being the best in customer satisfaction 
with excellent quality vehicles, services and mobility, providing 
a seamless customer journey, worldwide
All Stellantis brands compete to be Number 1 in syndicated surveys in all their major markets, in line 
with the aforementioned goals and measured with internally defined methods. 
Through our Quality Policy, we commit to implement actions to reach this ambition. 
The commitment of everyone to think "Quality FIRST”: we are a customer-centric Company focused on 
providing best-in-class customer experience through our behavior, decisions and actions, at all levels 
of the Company. 
For example:
 ■ We define the quality objectives in the planning phase program of new products and new services.
 ■ At each step, we check the conformity of the result with the defined requirements.
 ■ We react immediately to analyze defects, whenever these defects are detected: when the vehicle is 
still in our hands or after the vehicle has been handed over
 ■ We capitalize on the analysis of our findings to avoid recurrence and to improve our performance.
We also engage our suppliers and our partners in achieving our quality ambitions:
 ■ By associating them directly in the analysis of issues and risks in a timely manner.
 ■ By being responsible and accountable for the quality of their deliverables at each phase of 
development.
 ■ By not hesitating to be intrusive and to escalate if necessary.
Stellantis has an operational Quality Management System. It is a sustainable means to achieve our 
Quality Ambition.
The Stellantis Quality Management System (QMS):
 ■ Defines the quality requirements for the processes in our value chain.
 ■ Defines the quality fundamentals whose rigorous application makes it possible to achieve the results.
We apply our Quality Policy throughout the Company's value chain, from the design of our products 
and services to the support of our customers, whether digital or physical, anywhere in the world.
Stellantis employees are engaged from early phases such as strategy, planning and programming to 
sales and after-sales, for our products, services and mobility services.
Our collective engagement is supervised by qualified people with high level technical and managerial 
skills. The Customer Experience Department is an independent function of Stellantis focused on 
compliance with the commitments made for Quality. Each manager, including those in the commercial 
networks, is responsible for ensuring compliance with standards, the conformity of results and the 
performance of processes within their scope.
A team of professional auditors performs internal audits to control the right roll out, application and 
consistency of results of the QMS standards. Action plans are implemented and followed up when 
issues are identified. 
161


Page 162:
4.2.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES
In accordance with our policy, quality is everyone’s business. To make this a reality, Stellantis employees 
have regular trainings and receive guiding information. 
Stellantis has implemented a common approach to skills, with an aim to better allow the Company to 
be more sustainable in anticipating changes and identifying the required competences.       
This approach is centered on 15 global job families . The quality job family covers the activities to ensure 
that every customer's journey with Stellantis' products and services is world class. To achieve the 
ambition to be Number 1 and be a customer-centric company, Stellantis focuses on the following: 
 ■ Definition of the processes, product and service quality targets to respond to the customers’ 
expectations
 ■ Implementation of the Quality Management System, methods, and guidelines
 ■ Management of all quality objectives throughout the definition, production, product and service life 
cycles in all regions.
600 employees in the corporate Customer Experience division and 14,000 (including hourly people 
working in plants) in the quality job family act directly, in their everyday job, for the customer satisfaction.
4.2.6.1 Resources deployed to improve the quality of products 
Our target being to ensure a total satisfaction of our customers, Stellantis employees respect the 
quality requirements and apply the quality processes defined for each and every step of the value 
creation chain (design and development, manufacturing, sales and aftersales, etc. including suppliers 
management).
Design and engineering phase 
The shape, style and lines of a vehicle are direct contributors to the sale of vehicles and based on 
customer perception of quality. Finish, robustness, and the materials used inside and outside, play an 
important role in the customer’s perception of quality. Perceived quality is a major factor in a customer’s 
purchasing decision. Stellantis aims to position each future model at the highest customer satisfaction 
level of each of its automotive brands. More than 1,500 characteristics have been identified, which 
contribute to the impression of perceived quality. Specific evaluation tools and technical benchmarks 
are used to drive vehicle projects to the expected quality level.
Performance and reliability during use of the vehicle
Quality of product performance is based on customer expectations for a given segment, enriched by 
the brand experience it conveys. Around 40 different main standards e.g., visibility, seat comfort, 
etc., are defined for verification. The Company strives to position each future model among or above 
the best for customer satisfaction within its competitive segment. For initial quality and reliability, 
Stellantis strives for achieving the highest level delivered to the customer. Several well-structured 
preventive processes are applied at each step including design, development and manufacturing 
within the Company and from suppliers. Design considers the specific usage of products in all 
selling regions with appropriate endurance driving sessions to simulate and better understand 
specific vehicle performance over time.
Solving issues during use of vehicle
In order to mitigate impact on customers’ satisfaction, Stellantis is closely monitoring lead time to fix an 
issue in the field so that affected vehicles are quickly repaired at the dealership, and production of new 
vehicles is secured to avoid inconvenience and claims from new customers. 
To minimize the lead time of issues resolution, Stellantis has set up a cross functional team with experts 
from Customer Experience, Engineering, Vehicle Programs, Aftersales, Manufacturing, and Purchasing 
activities to implement a fast-track process to speed up the resolution of issues in the field. 
The Cross Functional Team has set up a dedicated process called Reactivity Acceleration for Customer 
Enthusiasm (RACE), which accelerates root causes analysis and solution implementation. 
Since implementation in mid-2020, RACE process has reduced by half the average lead time of 
resolution for the most impacting design issues.
Quality-in-use to preserve value of the vehicle
Quality-in-use criteria encompasses the aesthetic, aging of materials, tolerance of harsh treatment 
resulting from daily use, and functional aspects like background noises and loss of minor 
performances. Stellantis improves vehicle quality in order to reduce signs of aging and wear and tear, 
with the intention for the vehicle to look as close to new after years of customer usage as possible. 
This has an important impact on the resale value which is a significant pillar for customers and the 
Company. Specific vehicle aging tests are conducted to improve the baseline design requirements 
and to manage the aging of the vehicle over time to improve the scope of usage and strengthen the 
resale value. 
COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE SOFTWARE STRATEGY
Stellantis’ vehicles transformation to an open software-defined architecture greatly 
expands the options customers will have to add innovative features and services via 
regular over-the-air (OTA) updates keeping vehicles fresh, exciting, and updated years 
after they have been built. 
Those OTA updates are expected to be available quickly without waiting for a new 
hardware, and dramatically reduce costs for both the customers and Stellantis, simplify 
maintenance for the user and sustain vehicle residual values.
Durability for long-term use
Customers expect a vehicle that ages well and does not incur excessive future expenditure. Durability 
is the performance of the vehicle over time, factoring in the variability of customer use. The goal is to 
ensure product performance without major loss of functionality over time and without breakdown or 
defect. The Company is aiming to be in a leading role in quality as one of the major pillars that leads to 
customer satisfaction. Stellantis has set up a continuous improvement process to target the best-in-
class position in durability for each product or sub-system. 
162


Page 163:
Manufacturing quality
The manufacturing quality system is based on the Stellantis Production Way (SPW):
 ■ The Company controls the quality at the workstation, in some production quality gates during the 
process and in the final inspection line to ensure the quality level of the manufactured vehicle. There 
are 1,800 functional and aesthetic characteristics checked on every vehicle
 ■ Vehicles are tested daily by professional operators in static and driving tests on specially designed 
tracks and on roads outside the plant
 ■ The Customer Experience division ensures plant audits in order to verify requirements.
 ■ The processes and KPIs follow the Company’s reference standards. To achieve the highest quality 
level in all manufacturing plants, best practices based on practical lessons learned have been 
identified.
 ■ So far, plants are in the growth phase; best practices implementation is in progress and followed up 
by action plans. 
  1,800  
functional and aesthetic 
characteristics checked 
on every vehicle
Supplier quality management and development
The Company’s Purchasing Department works to ensure supplier quality management and 
development by:
 ■ usage of an Advanced Product Quality Planning and a Production Part Approval Process
 ■ checking key processes and certifications such as critical supplier management 
 ■ defining supplier KPIs such as warranty performance 
 ■ a supplier surveillance system with defined countermeasures and permanent personal contact with 
each supplier manufacturing location. 
Our approach is global, and actions are adapted to the most demanding customer expectations, 
taking into account regional wants and needs, in order to handle perceived quality, quality-in-use and 
durability of our products. The same analysis, processing and feedback standards are also applied for 
vehicles produced by our joint ventures.
4.2.6.2 Strategy and means deployed for a high-level quality of service and customer 
experience 
Stellantis aims to provide an experience that delights each customer by:
The excellence of the relationship throughout the customer journey
 ■ The customer's journey with our brands begins well upstream of the act of purchase and continues 
throughout the use of the vehicle or mobility service. Through digital and physical interactions with 
the brand, the customer can discover the product or the mobility service and become interested in 
it before committing to purchase. The relationship with the brand continues throughout the use of 
the vehicle or the service.
 ■ The quality of service covers the entire relationship between the customer and the Company. The entire 
journey is a major contributor to the excellence of the customer experience at every point of contact.
 ■ To achieve this quality of service, the Customer Experience function relies on teams and systems in 
each region.
High-level operational skills for the service of customers
 ■ The business centers describe the tasks for zone managers and each key function of the dealership. 
In a sales team, for example, this includes dealership personnel such as the sales manager, sales 
assistant, sales consultant, and delivery manager.
 ■ Since 2018, to strengthen the customer-centric and interaction-centric mind-set, special attention 
has been paid to training sales advisors on behavioral skills, an essential complement to expertise 
and application of working standards.
 ■ The training policy applies to key sales and technical positions at the point of sale. In 2023, the dealer 
networks provided 7 million hours of training (classroom and remote) versus 7.4 million hours of 
training in 2022.
 ■ The accreditation program is an international program intended for all personnel in contact with 
customers, performed by our retailers, that assesses technical and behavioral skills.
 
 7 mln
hours of training
Applying efficient processes to achieve results 
To ensure the application of processes and the achievement of results:
 ■ Within each point of sale, each manager conducts checks on the application of standards which are 
complemented by Zone Manager internal audits
 ■ External audits are carried out annually on the application of operational standards
 ■ Frequent mystery call and shopping provides evaluation and opportunities to demonstrate respect 
for the customer experience and behaviors desired by brands
 ■ Yearly internal audits are conducted by the Customer Experience team
Deviations identified during these audits are the subject of action plans, which are monitored at local 
and country levels.
New processes are evaluated to measure knowledge of the customer experience, including shopper 
survey and Quality Observer.
Management of the quality of service provided in each country
The Stellantis roadmap is defined for the period 2022-2030. This roadmap makes it possible to steer the 
convergence and achievement of our objectives.
163


Page 164:
Each country is responsible for its annual Quality of Service Plan, structured around main actions:
 ■ Assessment of skills and implementation of training plans
 ■ Deployment of operational standards in each point of sale, standards which embody and guarantee 
all the requirements of the brands, which each point of sale must comply with
 ■ Quality control delivered by each point of sale, and reduction of dispersion between points of sale.
 ■ Treatment of deviations identified during checks and audits
 ■ The identification of gaps makes it possible to define the priority actions to be implemented to 
achieve the objectives.
 ■ The annual Quality of Service Plan for each country is monitored by the Regions with the support of the 
Corporate Functions; its day-to-day animation is handled by the monthly Country Quality Committees.
The quality of service is one of the major components of the sales policy applied by us in each country 
with its sales and after-sales network.
A structured system for listening to the voice of customers throughout the journey
 ■ To monitor its quality of service, Stellantis relies on a vast survey system:
 ■ Benchmark surveys concerning the purchase and delivery of the vehicle and after-sales interventions, 
carried out in most of the countries where the Company operates, to position each brand vis-à-vis 
the competition and better target expectations customers have, depending on the market.
 ■ Online surveys made by Stellantis to the customers after purchasing the vehicle and after each 
contact with the after-sales service. In 2023, 6.4 million customers (versus 6.6 million in 2022), of 
which 34 million for sales surveys (versus 1.4 million in 2022) and 5.05 million for aftersales surveys 
(versus 5.2 million in 2022), responded in 70 countries worldwide (versus 65 countries in 2022).  
This system gives customers complete freedom, they can answer questions at the most convenient 
time for them and freely formulate their answers. The concerned dealer is alerted in real time on any 
dissatisfaction and is due to react in less than 48 hours.
 
 6.4 mln
customers 
 ■ These surveys are supported by online customer experience platforms, which allow each point of 
sale to challenge itself in relation to country, region and zone results. These platforms make it even 
more simple and easy to use verbatim results from surveys, and allow the monitoring of individual 
customer satisfaction. In addition to aggregating data for trend analysis, these platforms allow 
the network to receive and respond to customer feedback in real time. Staff can be alerted to new 
comments through a mobile app, allowing them to immediately contact an individual customer, if 
needed.
 ■ A plan is underway to converge the platforms within each region, monitor the major contact points 
of the customer journey, integrate social media such as Google or Advisor to obtain a global vision of 
the customer experience in each brand and strengthen action synergies.
Customer Care
Stellantis remains devoted to premier customer care and engagement globally. Our dedicated Customer 
Care teams in every region prioritize customer interactions, ensuring each touchpoint mirrors our 
Stellantis and brand values and sustainability commitments.
We streamlined and increased effectiveness of the contact centers with the goal to improve individual 
customer support worldwide. This year, Customer Care managed over 6.9 million of inbound contacts 
per year, illustrating our commitment to our diverse clientele. To resonate globally, we offer multilingual 
customer support with a focus on employing native speakers. Building on 2022 achievements, we 
enhanced training, with over 210,000 hours (versus 48,500 hours of training in 2022) focused on 
customer handling and updating our teams on product innovations and sustainable practices.
 
over 210,000
hours focused on customer 
handling and product innovation 
In 2023, Stellantis initiatives were:
 ■ Streamlined Supplier Network - This year, we refined our supplier network, enhancing efficiency 
and reducing our environmental footprint. This move also fostered closer ties with main suppliers, 
assuring quality and mutual growth avenues.
 ■ Advanced Customer Insights  - We have broadened our analytics platform to provide deeper 
customer insights. This tool not only improves our customer care strategy but also aids in cross-
departmental knowledge sharing, aiming for consistently delightful customer interactions.
 ■ Collaborative Excellence - We have boosted cross-regional and cross-functional collaboration 
among our teams globally, allowing for the exchange of innovative customer care solutions.
 ■ Expanded ICT Convergence - We have further converged cloud CRM and telephony tools in various 
regions, enhancing data accessibility and service uniformity across Stellantis, ensuring agility and 
efficiency in our customer care operations.
 ■ Executive Referrals Optimization - A thorough review of our Executive Referrals Process was 
undertaken, aiming for timely and effective resolutions for escalated concerns, ensuring our 
customers always experience unparalleled care.
Quality of service measurement 
In addition to meeting the industry’s defined product quality standards, customers expect consistently 
high quality in the areas of information, service and repair with regards to vehicles and spare parts. 
Service quality is based on the service expectations of the customer and the factual service received by 
the customer, and is a critical factor in retaining customer loyalty. 
Feedback for service quality is gathered through various channels to monitor performance and support 
strategic decisions.
164


Page 165:
The Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) is a customer loyalty and satisfaction metric that measures the 
willingness of a customer to recommend a sales or after sales store. 
The metric is the average of two components. 
In Europe and South America, the score is based on three groups: promoters (notes 9 & 10), passives 
(notes 7 & 8) and detractors (notes from 0 or 1 to 6).
Those notes are given by customers to the question “How likely are you to recommend the dealer 
where you bought / made the servicing of your car to friends, relatives or business colleagues?” in the 
syndicated surveys done in several countries. 
In North America, the metric is a Satisfaction Index, based on a 1000 scale, composed by the scores 
given by customers on several items. The scale used to measure those items is from 1 to 10.
Results are in the Commitment dashboard. 
AMAZON AND STELLANTIS COLLABORATION FOR CUSTOMER-CENTRIC 
CONNECTED EXPERIENCES 24
“We will transform our vehicles into personalized living spaces and enhance the overall 
customer experience”, declared CEO of Stellantis Carlos Tavares.
Together, the two companies are creating a suite of software-based products and 
services that seamlessly integrate with customers’ digital lives and add value over time 
through regular over-the-air (OTA) software updates: 
• Amazon and Stellantis are collaborating to deliver software solutions for new digital 
cabin platform, STLA SmartCockpit, starting in 2024 
• Stellantis has selected Amazon Web Services (AWS) as its preferred cloud provider for 
vehicle platforms to deliver on its long-term, software-focused vision
• AWS and Stellantis have launched collaborative engineering and innovation initiatives and 
tools to accelerate time to market for new digital products and upskill Stellantis’ global 
workforce
• Amazon is the first commercial customer for the new Ram ProMaster Battery Electric 
Vehicle (BEV), further expanding Amazon’s sustainable delivery network 
24 Amazon and Stellantis Collaborate to Introduce Customer-Centric Connected Experiences Across Millions 
of Vehicles, Helping Accelerate Stellantis’ Software Transformation: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-
releases/2022/january/amazon-stellantis-collaborate-on-software-solutions
4.2.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS 
4.2.7.1 Innovation Initiatives
Launch of an e-commerce program
As announced in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, Stellantis has launched, in 2021, an outstanding 
360° e-commerce program to let our customers discover and buy products and services of the group, 
in a full customer centric digital ecosystem aimed to answer prospects & customers omnichannel 
aspirations. Thanks to this program, customers can access personalized services and offers in a 
seamless way, and buy them easily, both from home and in our stores. 
In 2021, we sold 100,000 units online. Now we are taking the lessons learned, and plan to expand our 
online sales, doubling each year until 2024, reaching 800,000 vehicles. And by 2030, one-third of our 
sales will come from online customers. 
In 2022, Stellantis brands sold 208,000 units, in line with our objectives. In 2023, 361,000 units were sold.
All of Stellantis in just one click thanks to the Marketplace
As a customer-centric company, Stellantis implements its Marketplace, a services ecosystem that 
provides owner and user-based solutions with a full catalog of meaningful services including financial 
solutions, insurance options, full vehicle care options, accessory and personalization options, energy 
and charging solutions, connected services, mobility solutions and more. 
This ecosystem will be available via the web, mobile phone app, and in vehicle, giving customers an 
easy one-click access to robust personalized solutions. Marketplace will allow Stellantis to lead the 
mobility market in three ways: 
 ■ streamline all individual touchpoints into a one-click solution thereby eliminating pain points 
associated with shopping for individual components separately
 ■ provide competitive quality services to enable our customers to feel confident with our solutions
 ■ use our insights to personalize the journey, ensuring relevance and simplicity.
As announced in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, Services Offensive marketplace began in Italy 
and US with select brands in 2022. We have since expanded to all brands across the G10 markets of 
Europe plus the US and will add Brazil next. The goal is to be in all markets by 2027.
This will be a new channel for the entire business and is expected to contribute up to €4 billion in 
services revenue in the future.
Innovation in manufacturing quality
As part of a continuous improvement approach to the quality of its products, an innovation based 
on Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology has made it possible to automate various control stations 
throughout the production line vehicle and mechanical component factories. The first control station 
was installed in the Sochaux factory, in France, at the end of 2020 and has proven the efficiency of the 
process. Stellantis has invested several millions of euros since 2021 in the implementation of 56 control 
stations in its various factories of which 46 are in operating phase. The target is to install such stations 
in more regions in the coming years.
165


Page 166:
Product predictive maintenance 
Stellantis is working on a new Predictive Maintenance service on its vehicles to more quickly identify 
the root cause of complex failures, and to anticipate failures and wear status which can require towing. 
Complex failures can sometimes be difficult to analyze and require lengthy investigations which can 
immobilize a customer's vehicle.
In 2020, analytical methods using Data Science models were implemented to help a dealership better 
understand complex breakdowns and wear evolution, and replace the right parts. This experimental 
phase has shown a positive impact on failures with unknown origins, and on failures which needed 
intervention by technicians at the dealership.
Next step is to use these Data Science methods before the dealership intervention, and try to anticipate 
the breakdowns, eliminating the need to collect real-time data from our customers’ existing onboard 
Controller Area Network (CAN) sensor data. The term “CAN” designates a robust vehicle bus standard 
designed to allow microcontrollers and devices to communicate with each other's applications without 
a host computer. 
In 2021 and 2022, predictive algorithms were developed on several parts of the vehicle, such as 
powertrain and chassis. These algorithms, based on AI methods, were developed with real-time 
data, and can provide advanced alerts on specific breakdown typologies. Due to their promising 
performances, stability, and financial efficiency, two algorithms (High Voltage Battery and 12V Battery) 
are currently under industrialization, first for Europe then worldwide. By the second quarter of 2024, 
up to 6 different BEV/PHEV battery failure prediction models are expected to be available at pilot or 
production stage, encompassing at least two battery packs from different providers. Also, there are 
prospects to replicate the battery health analytics algorithms developed to other car fleets such as 
commercial vehicles.
Concerning brakes of vehicles a brake pad wear estimator shall be introduced, a first model has been 
done in the second quarter of 2023 and we are going to work on a generalization version scheduled in 
the first quarter of 2024 25. 
4.2.7.2 Achievements
At Stellantis, we measure Product and Services Quality through several surveys, KPIs and external 
sources to be sure multiple aspects of the customer experience are monitored and evaluated. The 
syndicated surveys are very important to measure our improvement as they allow us to see our relative 
position compared to competitors. 
 
Surveys show that customers are 
more and more satisfied with the 
Stellantis models
25 Stellantis &You, Sales and Services and FIDCAR Form After-sales Predictive Marketing Partnership: https://
www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/april/stellantis-and-you-sales-and-services-and-fidcar-form-
after-sales-predictive-marketing-partnership
Achievements in Quality of Products
1. Product satisfaction is measured as the percentage of models in the first quartile of their 
competitive segment .
Surveys show that customers are more and more satisfied with the Stellantis models. The percentage 
of Stellantis models ranked in the first quartile of their competitive segment about satisfaction with 
the product is increasing over the past years:
 ● 24% for vehicles sold in Model Year 2018 
 ● 31% for vehicles sold in Model Year 2020 
 ● 39% for vehicles sold in Model Year 2022
The scope of the surveys is:
 ● all brands in U.S., Brazil, Argentina, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom, China, Japan, 
India, South Korea and Turkey
 ● Questionnaires are sent to customers after approximately three to four months of ownership.  
These are some examples of Stellantis brands (10 in the mainstream segmentation and 4 in 
the premium one) ranking according to this product satisfaction measurement provided by 
syndicated surveys:
 ■ U.S., 2 of our 4 brands in mainstream market remain in the Top3, among 17 mainstream brands
 ■ Europe: 1 of our 5 brands within the mainstream market is in the TOP3, among 19 mainstream brands
Vehicle Mainstream segmentation:
 ■ Brazil and Argentina: 2 of our 4 brands reached a Top3 ranking in both countries, among 11 
brands in Brazil and 9 in Argentina
 ■ China: 3 of our 3 brands in mainstream market are ranked in Top3, among 22 mainstream brands
Vehicle Premium segmentation:
 ■ Europe: 2 of our 4 brands in premium market , two of our four brands are in the Top3, among 
15 premium brands.
 ■ China: Our exclusive ranked brand reached a TOP1 position, among 14 premium brands 
2. In addition, with the same surveys, an initial quality is measured during the first three or four months 
of ownership, by the number of Problems experienced Per one Hundred vehicles (PPH). The lower 
the PPH score, the higher the vehicle quality. 
These are some examples of ranking according to this measurement:
 ● Vehicle mainstream segmentation: 
 ■ U.S.: 2 of our 4 brands reached a TOP1 and TOP3 position, among 17 mainstream brands
 ■ Europe: 2 of our 5 brands within the mainstream market are in the first quartile, among 19 
mainstream brands 
 ■ Argentina: 1 of our 4 brands within mainstream market reached a TOP1 position, among 9 
mainstream brands
 ● Premium segment:
 ■ U.S.: Our exclusive ranked brand reached a Top1 position, among 14 premium brands
 ■ Europe: 1 of our 4 brands is ranked as TOP3, among 15 premium brands 
 ■ China: Our exclusive ranked brand reached a TOP1 position, among 14 premium brands
166


Page 167:
3. We also track the three-months product repair rate versus reference year (in base 100) . 
The quality of Stellantis vehicles has improved significantly since 2018. As shown on the graph, the 
failure rate of our Internal Combustion Engines (ICE) vehicles has decreased by 60%, that of our 
Low Emission Vehicles (LEVs) by 72%, meaning that all our vehicles have globally the same level of 
quality.
Worldwide All Stellantis Brands vehicles failure rate - 3 Months In Service
  LEV    ICE
202320222021202020192018
-72%
-60%
4. Stellantis plants are certified to widely accepted product quality standards to provide customers an 
external recognition on our ability to deliver products with a high level of quality. In 2023:
 ● 100% of the Stellantis vehicle assembly plants are certified ISO 9001. 
 ● 100% of the Stellantis powertrain plants are certified ISO 9001 or IATF 16949 
5. VIDEOCHECK and wiADVISOR 
VIDEOCHECK is a program designed to increase transparency for customers by showing them, with 
videos and clear explanations, the points that need to be repaired on their vehicles. With this process, 
Stellantis is demonstrating a high level of transparency and reinforcing customer confidence. Being 
informed, customers can make decisions on additional repair needs that are proposed. VIDEOCHECK is 
now used by more than 9,861 repair locations worldwide (6,000 in 2022) belonging to Stellantis. 96% 
of the customers who experienced it have provided feedback that they are very satisfied with this 
service. This is a major step toward increased customer satisfaction.
wiADVISOR is a service write-up and repair-order management solution developed in North America. 
This solution engages the customer in the service lane and supports the customer service journey end-
to-end. Among others, it provides the following features: 
 ■ online scheduling 
 ■ mobile check-in without contact 
 ■ video inspection 
 ■ vehicle flagging which are quality alerts based on specific criteria during vehicle write-up 
 ■ vehicle health check through a connection in the service lane 
 ■ In-dealer and customer communication 
 ■ supports global mobile app scheduling and status notifications 
 ■ active delivery including quality of service delivery checks.
VIDEOCHECK is a program designed to 
increase transparency for customers
167


Page 168:
4.3 VEHICLE SAFETY  
GRI 3-3
4.3.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #10 Vehicle safety
Vehicle safety is important to all road users including cyclists, pedestrians and other motorists. It is 
governed by laws and regulations and may also be addressed through voluntary codes of practice, 
such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published Guidelines 
for Multinational Enterprises. Governmental agencies and departments such as the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in the U.S., Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and 
Tourism (MLIT) in Japan, Federal Bureau of Motor Vehicles - Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt (KBA) in Germany, 
Direction Générale de l’Energie et du Climat (DGEC) in France, MIT (Italian Ministry of Transport)
in Italy, Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) in the UK, Ministry of Land, Infrastructure 
and Transport (MOLIT) in South Korea are also introducing increasingly stringent vehicle safety 
requirements. 
Stellantis understands that vehicle safety and cybersecurity are very important expectations in society 
and impact customer choices, including individuals and fleet owners. We integrate such expectations 
in each phase of the design of our vehicles. We work to anticipate enhanced safety expectations 
related to connected and autonomous vehicles. In collaboration with our suppliers and partners, we 
research and develop technology and innovations while analyzing internal test results with a target of 
continuously improving design. 
Company’s public position
As vehicle safety and regulatory frameworks evolve, a holistic approach including the vehicle, the road 
infrastructure and the vehicle environment is necessary. The Company is committed to the safety of its 
customers and other road users. Stellantis has taken a lead role in the framework of ISO and actively 
participates with recognized organizations in the rulemaking process and implementation of new 
regulations and standards regarding vehicle safety.
The company develops harmonized safety assessment processes to include risk-based criteria to 
inform its decisions.
4.3.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #10 Vehicle safety
VISION/AMBITION: Develop and offer safe products all around the world, continuously striving for state-of-the-art level of safety risk avoidance, as well as crash protection for vehicle occupants and vulnerable 
road users
OWNER: Chief Engineering Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
Level of robustness of the 
global harmonized vehicle safety 
organization, processes and 
technical expertise, including 
active safety, passive safety, 
cybersecurity (for its safety 
relevance), and product safety
Governance, 
organization and 
processes defined and 
set up, external audit 
every 3 years, performed 
by an independent 
assessment body and 
considering industry 
standards including 
ISO26262, ISO21448, 
ISO21434
External audit performed 
each year, considering 
new technologies 
embedded in Stellantis 
products
External audit performed 
each year, considering 
new technologies 
embedded in Stellantis 
products
The Stellantis Global 
Safety Forum led by the 
Global Technical Safety & 
Regulatory Compliance 
Executive was formalized 
and is now a functional 
governance body for global 
safety related strategies.
The Global Safety Forum 
is meeting quarterly to 
define the safety guidelines 
for Stellantis. Project 
development processes 
include dedicated safety 
assessments by safety 
experts. 
The Global Safety Forum 
is meeting quarterly. The 
Safety Expert network has 
been officially appointed. 
The safety assessments 
are taking place on a 
weekly basis. The Safety 
Management System is 
being defined.
168


Page 169:
4.3.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES 
4.3.3.1 Risks
Stellantis believes that the automotive industry should adopt a systematic and holistic approach 
to ensure that vehicle safety remains a fundamental corporate value that helps to protect drivers, 
passengers, the environment and our communities in a socially responsible and sustainable manner. 
Vehicle safety is designed to address the risks that may be encountered and is essential to support 
the reputation of the Company, its brands and technologies. Anticipating regulation changes and 
participating in the rule making process and standardization efforts provide opportunities to adapt our 
vehicles and shape the automotive industry.
Vehicle safety is included as part of our culture by empowering employees, contractors, suppliers and 
dealers to speak up if they have concerns. When risks are addressed, and opportunities to add content 
that achieve improved safety ratings are deployed, safer vehicles are the result. Safer vehicles can increase 
customer and stakeholder trust. Stellantis confirms its commitment to vehicle safety and supports an 
integrated approach including a sound impact assessment to identify the most effective measures.
Stellantis, like all vehicle manufacturers, faces challenges related to vehicle safety issues, which could 
lead to product recalls that may result in direct costs and loss of vehicle sales with possible material 
adverse effects on our business.
Product recalls may also harm our reputation, force us to stop the sale of certain vehicles and cause 
consumers to question the safety or reliability of our products. 
The Company initiates voluntary recall actions, when appropriate, to address safety issues related to 
its vehicles.
Recall costs substantially depend on the nature of the remedy and the number of vehicles affected and 
may arise many years after a vehicle’s sale.
Stellantis also addresses the emerging cybersecurity risks resulting from the increased connectivity and 
software contents in its vehicles through dedicated processes and resources  4.3.6 .
4.3.3.2 Opportunities
We leverage innovation to reinforce the safety of our vehicles and services. All aspects of safety; 
including active, passive, product and cyber are addressed in our processes and innovations.
Stellantis is contributing to the definition of vehicle safety through several channels: 
 ■ Strong commitment of safety-related standardization activities (e.g. Cybersecurity, Functional Safety 
and Safety of the Intended Functionality, relevant for autonomous driving and Advanced Driver 
Assistance Systems (ADAS));
 ■ Involvement in innovation initiatives and consortiums include:
 ● research activities on “Vehicle to X” and 5G technologies, which may help make the vehicles of the 
future more intelligent and comfortable for users. New autonomous functions may contribute to 
fewer accidents caused by human error and reduce driver fatigue
 ● involvement in consortiums in this field include 5G Carmen (cross border tests on service 
continuity), C-Roads-2 and ICT4CART while on-going
 ■ activities in 5G Open Road (test in real-life driving conditions of 5G continuity)
 ■ activities in 5G Automotive (5GAA) 26. 
 ■ Participation continues on several cooperative projects regarding the safety of autonomous 
driving such as HIDRIVE for in-use monitoring of car behavior, Pegasus VVM (verification and 
validation methods for automated driving) and the SAM project (Safety and Acceptability of 
Autonomous Mobility) 27;
 ■ Involvement in several working groups of the French Plateforme Automobile (PFA) on the 
safety of automated driving
 ■ Incremental introduction of software updates over-the-air on certain components (e.g. 
connectivity components, telematics) to reduce the cybersecurity risk exposure by reducing 
the update implementation time.
4.3.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS
Stellantis created a unified Global Safety Forum led by the Technical Safety and Regulatory Compliance 
Officer and that includes the Senior Vice-Presidents of R&D. This forum guides the Company on 
the application of future standards and ratifies future processes and procedures concerning vehicle 
safety and security. We are growing our Transversal Safety Expertise Networks to further develop 
and improve our safety processes and assess their implementation in our vehicles. At a regional level, 
decision making processes are in place to address potential vehicle safety issues.
4.3.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY 
Delivering safe products to our customers is a fundamental objective of Stellantis and is among 
the essential responsibilities described in our Code of Conduct. We work to achieve compliance 
with regulatory standards to deliver quality products and services with a high level of safety 
and reliability for all road participants, including professional drivers. Employees are expected 
to comply with the implemented safety standards, taking appropriate steps to prevent, identify 
and correct any non-compliance with such standards. Any vehicle safety issue encountered must 
be immediately reported to supervisors, the Compliance or Legal Departments or through the 
Whistleblowing Policy Integrity Helpline.
26 Stellantis Participates In U.S. Test of 5G Connected Vehicle Technologies for Real-time Safety Notifications: 
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/april/stellantis-participates-in-u-s-test-of-5g-connected-
vehicle-technologies-for-real-time-safety-notifications
27 https://www.hi-drive.eu/
169


Page 170:
4.3.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES  GRI 416-1
Safety research
The Stellantis advanced engineering organizations around the world apply virtual reality methods and 
innovative technological solutions for virtual and physical tests. The engineers also analyze real world 
data to develop and assess effective vehicle safety systems, protection for vulnerable road users and 
integration of active and passive safety systems. 
Stellantis participates in national and international organizations that are focused on areas of occupant 
and vulnerable road user safety, such as assisting in the development of new and improved safety 
standards and automated driving system best practices. We are a member of the Initiative for the Global 
Harmonization of Accident Data (IGLAD), a consortium of auto manufacturers that collects and analyzes 
traffic accident data to improve road and vehicle safety and has supported the EU project MeBeSafe. 
In Europe, the Company is a stakeholder of the LAB, a joint laboratory with the Renault Group, which 
is working on accident case studies, bio-mechanics and driver behavior. In the U.S., the Company 
collaborates with other automakers through groups like the U.S. Council for Automotive Research 
(USCAR), to identify technical issues and conduct research related to vehicle safety. 
Product development
For every Stellantis vehicle project, safety experts perform technical assessments throughout the 
project and those results are summarized and communicated to the Product Development Department’s 
top management for review and approval to continue. An harmonized process is currently being 
incorporated and will be utilized on all future Stellantis vehicle projects. The network of appointed 
safety experts define, apply, monitor and improve safety practices in Stellantis, and contribute to the 
definition of international standards.
Stellantis recently invested €40 million in its new battery technology center in Italy, to address the 
validation needs of its new propulsion technologies,including safety features 28.
Product investigation
Stellantis has a dedicated team to investigate field issues including those with potential safety 
consequences. Investigations are launched to determine potential consequences and corresponding 
safety and non-compliance risks and countermeasures e.g., field actions and product safety recalls. 
The investigation team coordinates the responses to the identified incidents with the engineering, 
manufacturing, and customer care organizations, and external suppliers. The procedures include 
opportunities for early detection, investigation and timely action. The safety expert network can 
contribute to this process for the root cause analysis and risk assessment. 
In addition, dedicated regional decision-making bodies called Vehicle Regulations Committees 
(VRC) meet regularly to systematically review the potentially safety-relevant anomalies detected in 
production or in the field. Considering the analysis of each case conducted by Customer Experience 
and Engineering teams, the VRC determine the proper course of action, e.g. safety recalls, under 
the chairmanship of the Technical Safety and Regulatory Compliance Officer, who is in the Planning 
organization but operates as an independent internal authority on safety.
28 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/september/stellantis-celebrates-opening-of-its-first-
battery-technology-center-in-italy
Cybersecurity
Securing customer data and our vehicles from cybersecurity threats is a priority for Stellantis. We 
have a cross-functional team focused on the security of our corporate systems and vehicles by 
monitoring threats, clearly defining requirements followed by design and implementation reviews, 
validation and penetration testing of products and services and incident response. Cybersecurity is 
considered throughout a vehicle’s life cycle including during development, manufacturing, use, 
service and disposal. 
STELLANTIS ORGANIZATION TO MANAGE CYBERSECURITY FOR CONNECTED VEHICLE
DESIGN PRODUCTION RUN
Design Validation Production Operations Maintenance Decommissioning
On-Board
Embedded Electronic 
Architecture
General 
Assembly 
Process 
Engineering
Crisis 
Prevention & 
Management 
recalls 
Campaigns
Connected Service, 
Maintainability  
& Diagnosability
Off-Board
Vehicle loT Platform 
& Cloud
Operation & Customer 
Support
Off-Board Cybersecurity Security / Operation Center
The processes to manage the Cybersecurity-by-design concept are based on specific activities 
linked to the Stellantis organization and technical solutions:
 ■ Onboard with one Electronic Architecture, by using standard cryptographic mechanisms to protect 
and to isolate the Connected domain to the Safety domain, as powertrain and chassis
 ■ Off-Board platform with a complete informatics infrastructure to interconnect Servers, Applications, 
and Interfaces to guaranty the end-to-end the communication with vehicles associated to high level 
of security
 ■ Manufacturing environment to configure the vehicles in the assembly line, by using tools connected 
to the backend to recover the appropriate configuration for each vehicle produced
 ■ After-Sales to diagnose and to maintain vehicles, by using dedicated tools connected to one specific 
maintenance server with strong authentication
 ■ Incident Management organization and processes to manage the mitigation plan, considering the 
incidents, attacks or vulnerabilities discovered during the vehicle live cycle.
170


Page 171:
The Stellantis processes on Cybersecurity concern all divisions involved in connected cars, from 
the design until the decommissioning. Specific end-to-end cybersecurity assessment is established for 
all new design, on embedded electronic components (Infotainment, Telematics, Gateway) and in off-
board ICT platform for connected vehicles.
The global Stellantis organization for the product considers the entire activities in each division 
involved: Engineering, Manufacturing, After-Sales, Information & Communication and Quality division 
for Incident response and crisis management.
One dedicated Cyber Governance for the product manages all field issues on Safety, Privacy, Operational 
and Financial.
We are engaged in the development of international industry standards through participation with 
the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and SAE International committees and in the 
development of best practice guidelines through participation in the Automotive-Information Sharing 
and Analysis Center (Auto-ISAC). Auto-ISAC enhances the industry’s ability to quickly learn of new 
threats and vulnerabilities and to work collaboratively on threat intelligence for triage.
In 2022, in compliance with UNECE regulation (RU155) incorporated into GSR v2 2019/2144, Stellantis 
received certifications on its Cyber Security Management System (CSMS), covering methodologies and 
processes needed to address cybersecurity in its products and services.
In 2023 Stellantis passed the cybersecurity type approval for six legacy electronic architectures, in 
compliance with UNECE regulation (RU155).
The objective for 2024 is to receive cybersecurity type approval for the new Stellantis unified electronic 
architectures, including Stella Brain, Stella Cockpit and AutoDrive.
4.3.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS  
AND RESULTS  
GRI 3-3
 
GRI 416-1
 
GRI 416-2
 
  
SASB-310a.1
As explained in our Code of Conduct, our workforce members contribute to achieving compliance with 
regulatory standards ensuring that the Company delivers quality products and services with a high 
level of safety, reliability and environmental performance. 
Vehicle Safety Technology
Stellantis responds to consumer expectations of high tech solutions in their vehicles by devoting 
significant resources to research and develop technologies that support drivers and passengers’ 
ability to safely interact with their vehicle and with the world around them. By providing real-time 
availability of services and information, the Company is contributing to improve safety and the 
mobility experience. 
By providing real-time availability of services 
and information, the Company is contributing 
to improve safety and the mobility experience
Stellantis offers active (primary) and passive (secondary) features for diverse drivers and vehicle 
segments, along with tertiary safety elements. The intent of active safety systems is to help drivers 
avoid crashes by alerting them to certain potentially hazardous situations or assisting them in 
mitigating the risk posed by certain types of identified hazards. 
These systems monitor surroundings, the status of the vehicle, driver behavior and include semi-
automated technologies that provide assistance to drivers in certain instances, with the driver 
retaining appropriate control. Stellantis is exploring new connected safety notification technologies, 
Multi-access Edge Computing (MEC) and Safety Cloud, that provide drivers advanced notification 
warnings of potential hazards in their path. 
Passive or secondary safety systems are designed to help mitigate the effects of a crash. These include 
occupant restraint technology and the use of more advanced materials that enable us to improve crash 
energy management. Vehicles are structurally designed to dissipate an impact in a controlled manner, 
due to the positioning of shock absorbing structures and other design features, while also promoting 
vehicle repairability. Deformation of the passenger compartment is reduced. Airbags and restraint 
systems absorb energy which leads to a reduction of the impact on occupants in crashes.
In the area of tertiary safety, or post-accident emergency response, Stellantis provides emergency 
rescue sheets with information to rescue teams or first responders on special design elements and the 
position of components to be considered when assisting the occupants of vehicles involved in an 
accident. In addition, connectivity functions provide assistance when an accident or health related 
incident occurs in the vehicle. The occupants are connected with a dedicated assistance center that 
pinpoints the vehicle. For instance, motorway control centers in Europe are automatically warned of 
any accidents on their roads via the emergency call service in the Company’s equipped vehicles as this 
is becoming a legal obligation in Europe for new types since April 1st, 2018 (EU 2015/758).
Passive or secondary safety systems are 
designed to help mitigate the effects of a crash
COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE SOFTWARE STRATEGY
Stellantis mapped out its software strategy to deploy next-generation tech platforms,  
building on existing connected vehicle capabilities to transform how customers interact 
with their vehicles. Over-the-air (OTA) updates expand the options customers have to add 
innovative features and services keeping vehicles updated with the latest offerings years after 
they have been built, while dramatically reducing costs for both customers and Stellantis. 
171


Page 172:
Active safety systems
This figure presents some of the active safety system that can support the driver, by sensing the vehicle 
environment, informing the driver and/or acting as needed on the vehicle dynamics.
Safety Roadmap
Stellantis continuously evolves its vehicles by offering enhanced safety technology and state of the art 
features that are proven to help reduce crashes and injuries. All Stellantis vehicles are rigorously tested 
and validated internally before being tested by outside stakeholders such as the U.S. government 
(NHTSA) or the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) or NCAP organizations. In 2023, Stellantis 
performed about 620,000 validations, either by physical testing or virtual validation (versus 680,000 
in 2022 and 400,000 in 2021).
 
 about 620,000
validations performed
To address the current traffic safety priorities globally, Stellantis vehicles are developed with 
technologies such as:
Year % of Stellantis models
Lane Keeping Assist 2023 83%
2022 75%
2021 57%
Automatic Emergency Braking 2023 75%
2022 68%
2021 63%
Rear seats seatbelts with 
pretensioner or load limiter
2023 70%
2022 69%
2021 66%
Speed limiting device 2023 80%
2022 75%
2021 69%
Stellantis also conducts research and innovation activities in the field of crash and occupant safety.  
The frontal roof airbag is an example of innovation that offers improved protection to the front 
passenger occupant in certain crash situations.
Product Investigations and Recall campaigns  SASB-250a.3
When potential vehicle safety issues arise, we promptly investigate and take corrective action as 
previously stated  4.3.6 . This includes initiating safety recall campaigns when appropriate. Stellantis 
aims to improve the overall customer experience during the safety recall process through timely 
and accurate communication and reduced customer inconvenience. In 2023, there were 124 recall 
campaigns involving 6,812,869 initial recall notices concerning vehicles produced over several years 
worldwide (versus 139 recall campaigns involving 14,708,345 in 2022). Programs are in place to 
raise public awareness regarding the need for customers to regularly check for open recalls and the 
importance of getting recall repairs completed 29.
The operations carried out are free of charge for the customer.
29 For more information see the Annual Report https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/
investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
Constantly monitor the performance 
and surrounding of a vehicle
Can prevent accidents from happening 
altogether or actively help the driver to 
reduce the impact
Avoid or mitigate an accident 
pre-impact, so before it happens
EXAMPLES OF ACTIVE SYSTEMS THAT GIVE THE DRIVER 
MORE CONTROL IN DANGEROUS SITUATIONS
EXAMPLES OF ACTIVE SAFETY SYSTEMS
Anti-lock braking  
(ABS)
Electronic stability control 
(ESC) Automatic 
Autonomous emergency braking  
(AEB)
Lane Keeping 
Assist
172


Page 173:
The three largest recall campaigns by total number of vehicles are: 
 ■ campaign on approximately 1 million vehicles to prevent a potentially undetected urea system failure 
vehicles equipped with the DV and DW Diesel international combustion engines and prevent a 
potential higher level of vehicle emissions
 ■ campaign on approximately 0.4 million vehicles to prevent a potential vehicle stall due to high voltage 
failure in the A/C compressor on BEVs. 
 ■ campaign on approximately 0.3 million vehicles to prevent a potential coil spring detachment on Jeep 
Wrangler (WL, TBC)
All of these campaigns are carried out transparently with respect to:
 ■ the relevant requirements of authorities (regulatory filing of declarations for safety campaigns):
 ● each notification document submitted to the authorities indicates: the models and parts 
concerned, vehicle manufacture dates, type of risk, description of the defect and corrective 
measures taken
 ■ the automotive brands’ dealership networks:
 ● the traceability of the components purchased during manufacturing enables the Company to 
draw up a list of vehicles that are potentially concerned. When a campaign is launched an alert 
including all the information, such as a list of vehicles concerned, content of the message to 
customers, necessary procedure and parts required is sent to the dealership networks via the 
appropriate IT systems. 
 ■ the owners of the vehicles involved notified individually:
 ● the method used to notify the customer is in line with the local regulations in each country. The 
affected customers are invited to make an appointment with an authorized brand repair facility 
to make the necessary adjustments
 ● the repair facility contacted provides all the necessary information, including the appointment 
date, how long the repair will take, the confirmation that the repairs are free of charge, the terms 
for using a replacement vehicle, etc.
 ● the customer is asked to notify the brand of any change in vehicle status, including its sale,  
End-of-Life or change of address.
Stellantis monitors the implementation of each campaign specifically based on progress indicators 
and the actual repairs made in each campaign. Repeat requests are sent to customers who do not 
come forward. 
Theft Resistance
Stellantis has long been working on making vehicles resistant to theft and protecting vehicles and 
the objects inside them from malicious individuals. Vehicles are designed to help avoid break-ins 
referring to standards in line with leading authorities and taking into account current threats.
Since 2011, a unit has been analyzing and addressing potential or known vulnerabilities, conducting 
statistical and Internet monitoring, and analyzing theft methods in conjunction with the police. 
This work has, for example, spurred alterations to the design of door locks to strengthen their 
resistance to break-ins.
We work closely with cybersecurity experts and are assisted by specialized firms. For instance, 
encryption algorithms used to protect vehicle unlocking and starting are regularly improved. The 
latest generation vehicles use encryption that meets the highest current standards. 
Training
Due to legislative and regulatory changes, the U.S. Motor Vehicle Safety course was launched for 
Stellantis employees in April 2022. These web-based courses are a mandatory requirement for 
specific organizations in North America. 
Product safety-based training are dispensed worldwide by the safety expertise network to involved 
teams, 883 Stellantis team members have been trained in 33 safety-related courses in 2023, to 
support the safety of our vehicles through the company strategic plan such as electrification, 
automated driving, etc.
173


Page 174:
5 PREVENTING ETHICS VIOLATIONS BY PROMOTING  
OUR ETHICAL CULTURE
5.1 ETHICS IN GOVERNANCE AND BUSINESS PRACTICES 176
5.1.1 Context and Stellantis position  176
5.1.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 177
5.1.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 177
5.1.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  179
5.1.5 Policies for ethics in our business  182
5.1.6 Allocated resources to Achieve Our Ethical Objectives 184
5.1.7 Initiatives and Achievements in the pursuit of Ethical Excellence 185
5.1.8 Detailed key performance indicators 189
5.2 RESPONSIBLE MANAGEMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 191
5.2.1 Context and Stellantis position 191
5.2.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  192
5.2.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  192
5.2.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 19 3
5.2.5 Policies to execute the strategy  193
5.2.6 Organization and resources  193
5.2.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  194
5.3 RESPONSIBLE INFORMATION TO CUSTOMERS  19 5
5.3.1 Context and Stellantis position  195
5.3.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  19 5
5.3.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities   196
5.3.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  196
5.3.5 Policies to execute the strategy  196
5.3.6 Organization and resources  197
5.3.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  198
174


Page 175:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK/PILLAR IV. PREVENTING ETHICS 
VIOLATIONS
Integrity and ethics are integral in our business practices. They are our foundational principles.  
We understand that acting with integrity requires vigilance and commitment. Integrity is a source 
of competitiveness, a foundation of Stellantis’ sustainable growth and the way to build a reputation 
that our customers, workforce and other stakeholders can trust and rely on. Furthermore, it is 
through our strong culture of ethics and integrity that we prevent ethics violations.
Stellantis works to comply with the increasingly complex national and international regulations 
focusing on matters such as conflict minerals, balance and integrity of business relationships, 
consumer protection, international sanctions, and personal data protection rules. Stellantis also 
learns from international standards (OECD Guidelines, ILO conventions, UN Global Compact, 
among others) when defining its policies. We implement ethical standards, specifically in our Code 
of Conduct, the adherence to which is a requirement of our workforce and business partners.
While we strive for integrity in everything we do, we understand the special role of integrity 
in compliance with regulations or standards that promote sustainable development, such as 
distribution of value, progressive taxation, cash transfers and investment in human capital, and 
regulation and strategies of development of inclusive growth.
5.1 ETHICS IN GOVERNANCE  
AND BUSINESS PRACTICES 
GRI 3-3
5.1.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 
CSR issue/challenge #11 Ethics in governance and business practices 
Integrity and ethics are integral to our culture and business practices. They are our foundational 
principles, a source of competitiveness, and the basis for our sustainable growth. They help us 
avoid costly regulatory violations, and build a reputation that our customers, workforce and other 
stakeholders can rely on.
Company’s public position 
Our culture is built upon the conviction of doing what is right, under the overarching principles 
established in the Stellantis Code of Conduct. This approach not only looks at our internal processes 
and controls, but also at our compliance with complex national and international regulations and 
standards that promote transparency. Our Governance, Code of Conduct and various charters are 
available on our website for public review 1. 
Our approach is founded on a culture of transparency and integrity throughout the Company 
through the effective deployment of balanced governance, a compliance program that is subject to 
appropriate outside benchmarking and effective mechanisms that allow our workforce to alert us 
of any noncompliance concerns.
 
Our approach is founded on a 
culture of transparency and integrity 
throughout the Company 
1 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/corporate-regulations
175


Page 176:
5.1.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #11 Ethics in governance and business practices
VISION/AMBITION: Promote a culture of transparency and integrity by requiring our workforce to comply with our Code of Conduct, applying appropriate discipline for non-compliance, and requiring our 
business partners to adopt and apply similar ethical standards and controls
OWNER: General Counsel
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Number of days to provide a 
personalized first answer on 
reported concerns regarding 
potential violations of the Code of 
Conduct
Personalized first answer 
within 1.5 days
Personalized first answer 
within 1.25 days
Personalized first answer 
within 1 day
1.9 days 1.3 days 0.6 day
World Most Ethical (WME) 
Company status with Ethisphere 2
Obtain recognition by 
Ethisphere as one of the 
World's Most Ethical 
Companies as part of 
their WME process
Maintain WME status by 
Ethisphere 
Maintain WME status by 
Ethisphere
Satisfactory progress 
towards objective
Satisfactory progress 
towards objective
Satisfactory progress 
towards objective
Board gender balance  
(% of female directors) 
At least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied 
by women and 40% by 
men upon expiration of 
current terms
At least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied 
by women and 40% by 
men upon expiration of 
current terms
At least 40% of Board 
seats should be occupied 
by women and 40% by 
men upon expiration of 
current terms
27% - Currently we have 3 
female directors.
27% - Currently we have 3 
female directors.
27% - Currently we have 3 
female directors.
5.1.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES  GRI 102-15  GRI 103-1  GRI 103-3  GRI 207-1
The Chief Audit and Compliance Officer periodically conducts a Compliance Risk Assessment to ensure 
that the Ethics and Compliance Program identifies compliance risks, takes proper steps to mitigate such 
risks, and does so in an efficient manner. The identification of compliance risks includes communication 
and collaboration with the ERM and Audit functions, as well as the integration of information from 
various relevant sources, including the Integrity Helpline channel. 
2 The Ethisphere WME process is described here: https://ethisphere.com/what-we-do/worlds-most-ethical-
companies/
Mitigation steps include training, communication, third party management, and disciplinary 
enforcement for violations of the Code of Conduct. Identified risks are subject to likelihood and 
impact analysis and compared against Enterprise Risk Management parameters. Every functional 
element of the program is subject to review for continuous improvement, benchmarking, and 
audit. Opportunities for improvement are compiled and periodically reviewed by the Ethics and 
Compliance Committee.
 
The identification of compliance risks includes 
communication and collaboration with the ERM 
and Audit functions
176


Page 177:
In line with directives from the Ethics and Compliance Committee, the Chief Audit and Compliance 
Officer devotes special focus to the following areas of the law with the understanding that in each 
case, any violation of these areas of the law would be contrary to our ethical principles, and would also 
subject the Company to potential penalties, reputational damage and litigation: 
Risk #1 Competition 
Risk Description Competition in the marketplace is a subject of significant scrutiny by relevant 
authorities all over the world. Penalties for infractions to fair competition laws 
are serious, are often for significant monetary amounts and tend to generate 
private litigation.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
We believe in robust and fair competition in the marketplace, and strongly 
support the benefits it provides to our customers. Competition also promotes 
innovation. We work to strictly follow the competition laws that apply to 
our business all over the world to prevent anticompetitive and unfair trade 
practices such as market-sharing, price-fixing, information sharing and 
dumping. An antitrust policy has been released for all employees. Also a 
compliance monitoring system for participation in professional associations 
meetings, including an e-learning training, is in its deployment phase on a pilot 
basis in Enlarged Europe, in order to prevent, detect and manage antitrust risks 
and compliance activities. 
Risk #2 Responsible relationships with our external stakeholders 
Risk Description We understand that the success of our business depends on our ability to 
interact effectively with governments, customers, suppliers and civil society 
at large. Failure to manage the relationships properly and effectively can 
undermine goodwill in the communities where we do business and place in 
jeopardy, the success of our business.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
Based on the experiences of its predecessor entities, Stellantis works diligently 
to increase transparency in all dealings with its stakeholders, including 
unionized labor, suppliers, business partners and NGOs.
Risk #3 Export controls and sanctions 
Risk Description Export controls reflect the decisions of governments regarding national 
security and economic policy. Failure to abide with such controls could result 
in enforcement actions or legal proceedings that would jeopardize our cross 
border operations, causing a substantial negative effect.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
Our specialists around the world classify our products with an intention to 
ensure compliance with regulations that restrict trade. Our team also ensures 
that we are in compliance with economic sanctions that restrict or prohibit 
trade in certain countries or with designated companies or individuals.
Risk #4 Public Affairs Engagement 
Risk Description Our interactions with governments allow legislative bodies to develop 
regulations and standards that are responsive to the needs of our customers, 
communities and other stakeholders. Failure to apply proper controls in the 
manner in which we manage these interactions would place Stellantis at risk 
for a violation of laws regarding political contributions or corruption. Also, 
failure to engage with governments would risk the perspectives and expertise 
of Stellantis not being included in the creation and amendment of legislation, 
regulations and governmental policy.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
The Global Public Affairs Department is dedicated and trained to ensure an 
efficient and fair working relationship with governments, in full compliance with 
the law and corporate policies regarding anti-corruption. We impose controls to 
implement the Stellantis policy that no Company funds or assets may be used 
for contributions to any political party or candidate. In 2023, we kept legislative 
bodies apprised of strategic issues affecting the automotive industry, such as 
the shift to electric vehicles.
Risk #5 Data protection +
Risk Description Privacy is a fundamental right that is protected by law in the multiple 
jurisdictions where we do business. A company’s failure to protect the privacy 
of its stakeholders can be heavily penalized in fines, private litigation and 
reputational damage.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
Stellantis considers the personal rights and privacy of each individual to be 
fundamental and intends to protect them. Stellantis works to comply with 
privacy requirements by applying to Company processes, the principles 
relating to the processing of personal data such as lawfulness, correctness, 
transparency, data minimization, conservation and purpose limitation, integrity 
and confidentiality.
Risk #6 Anti-Corruption 
Risk Description Corruption has a corrosive and detrimental impact on society. Under applicable 
legislation, which in a multinational company such as Stellantis, includes the 
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, French Law Sapin II, and the United Kingdom 
Bribery Act, companies that engage in corrupt activities are heavily penalized.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
Stellantis is committed to taking affirmative steps to prevent any corruption 
in its business. These include training,gift prohibitions , specific controls for 
relations with government officials, and dedicated controls for prevention. The 
policies and procedures relevant to the Company’s anti-corruption program 
apply to all its subsidiaries and joint ventures in which the Company owns 
greater than 50%. 
177


Page 178:
Risk #7 Tax 
Risk Description Failure to comply with applicable tax rules and regulations could result in 
enforcement actions or legal proceedings that may result in incremental tax 
payments and the application of late payment interest and penalties.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
The Company believes that taxes are key contributors to the economic and 
social development of the communities in which we operate and play a vital role 
in creating long-term value. We are committed to fulfilling our fiscal obligations 
by administering and paying all required taxes. We work to maintain an open, 
honest, transparent relationship in all dealings with tax authorities. We do not 
use “tax haven” jurisdictions for the avoidance of tax.
Risk #8 Fair-Trade 
Risk Description We are highly cognizant that our business model depends on operation within 
accepted norms of international trade. In the absence of our compliance with 
these norms, the management of our international supply chains would become 
more challenging and costly, increasing the costs of our products ultimately to 
the consumer.
Achievements/ 
Opportunities
With operations spanning more than 130 countries, Stellantis supports 
the World Trade Organization (WTO) rules-based system and encourages 
international trade deals. Trade agreements foster innovation, growth and 
wider customer choices at lower prices. The Company favors the elimination of 
tariffs, as well as a greater convergence towards international standards and 
trade facilitation, to provide better market access by reducing technical barriers 
and customs procedures in both a proportional and coordinated manner. 
Where appropriate, our compliance processes are not limited to complying 
with the law. For example, in addition to compliance with regulations regarding 
integrity in business relationships, consumer protection and personal data 
protection rules (GDPR), we consider other types of guidance such as OECD 
Guidelines, ILO conventions, UN Global Compact, and the International 
Monetary Fund’s initiatives for distribution of value, progressive taxation, 
investment in human capital and development of inclusive growth.
5.1.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS 
Our ethical culture begins in our governance bodies, their members, and their proper oversight of our 
business. Key aspects of the Stellantis governance bodies, and their members, are described below with 
more detailed information available on the Company’s website 3 as well as in the Annual Report 4.
Ethics and Compliance governance
Board  
of Directors
Audit Committee  
ESG Committee
Leadership 
CEO / Strategy Council / 
Other key committees 
Ethics and Compliance Committee / 
Technical Compliance Committee
Chief Audit and Compliance Officer 
& Compliance Staff
5.1.4.1 The Composition of the Board of Directors  GRI 2-9  GRI 2-10  
Stellantis has a one-tier Board of Directors 5 that includes executive and non-executive directors. 
According to Dutch Law and article 20.2 of Stellantis’ Articles of Association the chairperson of the Board 
of Directors shall be independent and have the title of Senior Independent Director. The Board of Directors 
is composed of eleven members: two executive members and nine non-executive members, including the 
Senior Independent Director. The two executive Directors, the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, 
are responsible for the daily management of the Company, while the non-executive Directors have the 
responsibility to oversee the policies carried out by the executive Directors and the general affairs of the 
Company. The Board, as a whole, is responsible for the oversight of the strategy and the proper management 
of the Company with particular focus on the development and supervision of the strategy for sustainable 
long-term value creation. Six non-executive members qualify as independent for purposes of NYSE rules, 
Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code. Since their appointment, Directors participated in induction sessions designed 
to provide them with adequate knowledge in relation to the sector in which the Company operates.  
3 https://www.stellantis.com/en
4 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-
20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
5 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/board-of-directors
178


Page 179:
Those sessions were followed by periodic updates as part of the regular discussions of the Board and 
are led by management teams. Typically those updates cover the introductory portion of the item to 
be discussed and include questions from the Board members to management’s experts. Depending on 
the topics discussed those updates are scheduled at least on a yearly basis. Main topics discussed with 
Directors include the following: 
 ■ auto OEM business overview with a focus on geographic presence, corporate footprint, R&D 
methodologies and applications 
 ■ new product development process including solutions to reduce vehicles CO 2 emissions, notably 
through electrification, in line with the climate change challenge 
 ■ technological challenges, including software developments driving innovation in the industry and 
customer experience 
 ■ auto OEM strategy plans, new emerging players and disruptive innovation and business models.
As part of the process relating to the Board activities, in 2023 the management continued to provide 
regular updates on the topics mentioned above. 
Diversity and Inclusion are core values of Stellantis . In 2023 the Board of Directors updated its 
2022 Diversity Policy for Board of Directors in accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
and renamed it as the Diversity and Inclusion Policy for the Composition of the Board of Directors. The 
members of the Board and its committees are selected on the basis of expertise, experience, personal 
qualities, age, sex or gender identity, nationality. We aim to achieve, with an overriding emphasis on 
merit, a Board composition with: (a) women occupying at least 40% of the seats of the Board as soon as 
the resolutions taken by shareholders in the context of the merger will expire and the renewal of seven 
members out of eleven of the Board of Directors will become feasible; (b) members whose nationality 
is reasonably consistent with the geographic footprint of Stellantis’ business in such manner that no 
nationality shall account for more than 60% of the members of the Board of Directors; and (c) one or 
more members of the Board of Directors will be under 50 years of age on the day of their nomination.
55%
of the members 
of the Board 
are independent
55%
65-75 
Years
27%
of the members 
of the Board  
are women
18%
55-64 
Years
27%
35-54 
Years
2.3
Average Board 
membership
Board Member Skills Relating to Economic, Environmental and S ocial Impacts  GRI 2-17
The Board comprises diversified profiles in terms of gender, work, personal background and nationality. 
Members of the Board of Directors are selected on the basis of professional and personal 
qualifications in a manner designed to ensure sufficiently diverse and complementary skills to 
enable these members to oversee the Company’s strategy. 
The skills of the members of the Board relate to either specific operational experiences or performance 
as responsible for oversight over major challenges at other corporations where the directors also serve 
as members of the board. The skills are summarized in the following matrix: 
Climate  
Change 
Diversity & 
Human Rights 
Risk 
Management
Cyber  
security
New Business 
Model Industry6 Corporate Social 
ResponsibilityGovernance Financial and 
Accounting
 Board 
memberships
John Elkann 3
Carlos Tavares 1
Robert Peugeot 4
Henri de Castries 4
Benoît Ribadeau- Dumas 5
Fiona Clare Cicconi -
Nicolas Dufourcq 4
Ann Frances Godbehere 1
Wan Ling Martello 3
Jacques de Saint-Exupéry -
Kevin Scott -
6 Industry: the Automobiles industry is under the Consumer Discretionary sector according to GICS Level 1 sector classification.
179


Page 180:
5.1.4.2 Compensation of Directors and Executive Managers  GRI 102-28  GRI 102-35  GRI 102-36
Remuneration of the Board of Directors, for both executive and non-executive Directors, is governed 
by the Remuneration Policy, which was approved by Shareholders at the Stellantis Annual General 
Meeting held on April 15, 2021 and subsequently amended at the Stellantis Annual General Meeting 
held on April 13, 2023. 
The Company follows a pay for performance compensation philosophy at all levels in the organization 
ensuring that the compensation strategy is market-competitive and is structured to attract and retain 
key staff of the requisite quality. It takes into account scenario analyses as well as the pay differentials 
within the Company, compensation levels offered in the market, and shareholder and general societal 
views on compensation.
Stellantis’ annual incentive programs are designed such that when the Company does well, all 
employees do well. About 90% of our CEO's pay is contingent on performance, and linked to stretch 
financial and non-financial objectives. 
In 2023, two billion euros (2,000,000,000 €) were redistributed to all employees in the form of 
profit-sharing.
The principles and rules decided on by the Board of Directors to determine the compensation and 
benefits granted to executive directors take into account principles of completeness, balance, 
consistency and measurement. 
The Company benchmarks its executive compensation program annually and the compensation offered 
to Directors against peer companies and monitors compensation levels and trends in the market as well as 
international standards regarding appropriate remuneration. For this reason, non-financial performance 
indicators are taken into account when formulating the Company’s compensation structure. 
The design of our compensation program ensures that a significant portion of each executive’s 
overall compensation is based on the achievement of long-term performance objectives through 
the Company’s long-term incentive plan, in the belief that placing significantly more weight on the 
long-term component is appropriate to align the Directors’ and corporate officers’ efforts with the 
Company’s strategy, long-term interests and sustainability.
The Board of Directors is assisted by its Remuneration Committee in reviewing and approving 
corporate goals and annual and long-term performance objectives relative to incentive compensation 
of executive directors, including other members of the top management team and eligible personnel.
The 2023 annual bonus plan included the additional ESG metric of reductions in carbon emissions 
principally through the growth in production and sales of electric vehicles. The Company’s Long Term 
Incentive Plan includes performance metrics in the launching of electrified vehicles across brands.
Other employees eligible for the incentive plans may receive incentive compensation based on the 
same CSR performance metrics but with different weighting. Individual goals may also include financial 
and/or nonfinancial performance measures.
For functions/divisions of the Company with oversight of the health and safety of employees at our 
manufacturing facilities, the annual bonus plan includes performance metrics of improved health/safety 
targets. The incentive programs from 2021 to 2023 included a synergies target to drive efficiencies and 
create shareholder value from the merger in 2021.
5.1.4.3 Committees supporting governance of Stellantis  GRI 2-9  GRI 2-12  
The ESG Committee of the Board of Directors 
The ESG Committee reviews the Company’s CSR roadmap, achievements and disclosures in accordance 
with 2030 Dare Forward Plan and its implementation. In addition, the ESG Committee periodically 
assesses the performance of individual directors and reports on this to the Board of Directors.
In 2023, the ESG Committee assisted the Board  by reviewing the updates of the Diversity and 
Inclusion Policy for the Composition of the Board of Directors, the updated Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code, and by discussing items related to climate change, such as reduction of fuel emissions, 
electrification and circular economy.
The ESG Committee members participated in informative sessions led by management teams and designed to 
provide them with adequate updates in the fields of the Company transformation through the development 
of human capital, the global philanthropy strategy, global, European and U.S. trends in governance, Human 
Rights and new EU and US rules related to sustainability reporting in force starting 2024 7.
The Stellantis Annual Report provides details of the membership, skills and work of the Company’s 
Board of Directors and its committees, together with information on the skills of each of their members, 
as of December 31, 2023. The Board met 6 times during 2023. The average attendance at the Board 
meetings as well as the Committee meetings was 95.5 percent. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
The Stellantis Audit Committee is charged with assisting and advising the Board of Directors with 
respect to the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s ethics and compliance program, 
among other things. In so doing, the Audit Committee oversees and monitors the quality and 
completeness of the Company’s compliance policies and practices with respect to applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, as well as with the requirements and objectives of the Company’s Code of 
Conduct. The Committee’s review reaches the compliance program as a whole and therefore is global 
in nature. The Audit Committee meets with the Company’s management, including finance staff, audit 
and compliance staff, and legal staff to discuss, among other things, any significant legal, regulatory, 
Code of Conduct or other compliance related matters, arising anywhere in the world, that could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial statements or operations.
As stated in the related charter, the function of the Audit Committee shall be to assist and advise the 
Board of Directors and act under authority delegated by the Board of Directors, with respect to among 
others the Company’s policy on tax planning adopted by management 8.
The Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is assisted by its Remuneration Committee in reviewing and approving corporate 
goals and annual and long-term performance objectives relative to incentive compensation of executive 
directors, including other members of the top management team and eligible personnel 9.
7 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_ESG_Committee_Charter.pdf
8 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_Audit_Committee_Charter.pdf
9 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_Remuneration_Committee_Charter.pdf
180


Page 181:
The Ethics and Compliance Committee 
The Ethics and Compliance Committee oversees all of Stellantis ethics and compliance policies 
and initiatives, sets targets, reports to the CEO and periodically reports to the Board of 
Directors through the Audit Committee. The Ethics and Compliance Committee is chaired by the 
Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer. The other members include the General Counsel 
and the Chief Audit and Compliance Officer. The Ethics and Compliance Committee met 5 times in 2023.
The Committee is responsible for determining the general direction of the Company’s ethics and 
compliance policies, based on external factors (new risks, emerging stakeholder expectations, 
benchmarking and new legislation) as well as internal considerations (risks identified by the integrated 
risk assessment that considers data from executive interviews, as well as data from whistleblower cases 
reported in the Integrity Helpline). The Committee is also responsible for developing tools necessary to 
implement the ethics and compliance policies. The Committee also reviews whistleblowing cases and 
elevates to the Audit Committee cases of potential significant financial impact, reputational damage, 
or other cases that are strategic according to elevation criteria set forth in the charter of the Ethics 
and Compliance Committee. In line with the global scope of the Code of Conduct and the compliance 
policies, the Committee’s directives are usually global, unless special considerations require jurisdiction-
specific attention. For example, the Committee has focused on compliance with the evolving western 
sanctions and export controls relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict as a jurisdiction-specific instance 
of its global policy to comply with applicable laws. 
The Technical Compliance Committee 
Supporting our overarching objective to deliver high-quality and safe products, the global 
Technical Compliance Committee (TCC) reviews vehicle safety, emissions, and regulatory 
compliance concerns raised via the Integrity Helpline. Technical cases are presented by region 
in the TCC quarterly meeting, including actions taken to address the reporter’s concerns as well 
as recommendations and/or follow-up actions. Standard key performance indicators have been 
established and are monitored during the quarterly meetings. Material violations identified by the 
TCC are referred to the Ethics and Compliance Committee for determination of reporting to the Audit 
Committee. In support of the Integrity Helpline, the Always with Integrity awareness campaign 
emphasizes to employees, suppliers, customers, and dealers the importance of reporting any safety, 
emissions, or other regulatory non-compliance concerns.
Leadership Team 
The general authority to represent the Company is vested in the Board of Directors and the CEO acting 
individually. On certain key business matters, the CEO is supported by the key governance committees, 
in particular the Strategy Council, Business Review and Global Programme and Allocation Committees. 
These bodies are responsible for executing the decisions of the CEO and Board of Directors and 
the day-to-day management of the Company, primarily to the extent it relates to its operational 
management, including reviewing the operation performance of the businesses and collaborating 
on certain operational matters. The CEO and members of key governance committees are expected 
to have exemplary conduct that is consistent with the Code of Conduct, and from time to time lead 
communications campaigns that help promote the Company’s culture of integrity 10.
10 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_Board_Regulations.pdf
5.1.5 POLICIES FOR ETHICS IN OUR BUSINESS 
The culture of integrity that begins with our governance bodies is based on values that are expressed 
at all levels and functions in key charter documents and appropriate policies. 
Ethics and compliance monitoring Graph
Tax 
Compliance
Accounting & 
Financial Reporting Intellectual 
property
Customs
Health & 
Safety
Environmental
Vehicle Safety & 
Regulatory*
Communications 
/ Social Media
Data 
Privacy
Anti Money 
Laundering
Lobbying & political 
contributions
Insider Trading
Competition 
Law
Whistleblowing line
Information & Cyber Security
Conflicts of Interest
Anti-Bribery/Corruption
Human Rights
Records Management
3rd Party Management
Compliance Culture
Export Controls & Sanctions
CODE OF CONDUCT
* Managed in the Technical Compliance Commmittee
These topics are managed under the responsibility of the business area
The business/functional area manages these topics and reports to the Compliance Committee
An assigned business/functional area manages and develops plans to address this risk. The Compliance 
Committee is made aware of plans and risk management
The Ethics and Compliance Committee reviews significant activities and initiatives related to policies, 
awareness, training, risk assessments and risk management
Note: All areas may be included in the audit risk assessment and may be included in the audit plan
181


Page 182:
5.1.5.1 Code of Conduct   GRI 2-23  GRI 205-2
Our core values are set forth in the Stellantis Code of Conduct. The Stellantis Code of Conduct was 
approved by the Board of Directors of Stellantis N.V. in March 2021 and an update to the Code is 
scheduled to be considered by the Board in 2024. It applies to the members of the Stellantis Board 
of Directors, Stellantis’ officers, full-time and part-time employees, temporary and contract workers. 
Stellantis also expects its stakeholders, including suppliers, dealers, distributors, and joint venture 
partners, to act with integrity and in accordance with the Code. It is the responsibility of all workforce 
members to report suspected or potential violations of the Code of Conduct.
The Stellantis Code of Conduct focuses on four main areas: 
 ■ the protection of the Stellantis workforce, including a commitment to diversity, fairness, and health 
and safety, and to the United Nations declaration on human rights and the International Labor 
Organization’s declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work 
 ■ the way that Stellantis conducts business, engaging in sustainable practices that promote vehicle 
safety, quality, data privacy and environmental protection, and that comply with other applicable 
laws and regulations, such as anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, insider trading and others 
 ■ the interaction of Stellantis’ workforce with external parties, including the avoidance of conflicts of 
interest and the support of our communities 
 ■ the protection of Stellantis’ assets and information. 
The principles of the Code are applicable globally, and our communications, training, and 
discipline aim at creating a uniform culture of integrity wherever Stellantis conducts business. 
At Stellantis, we do not allow any retaliation against any person who makes a report in good faith or 
who cooperates in an investigation. Interested parties are allowed to report a concern confidentially 
and anonymously where allowed by law. Any retaliation is subject to disciplinary action.
The Stellantis Code of Conduct is available under the Governance section on the Company’s 
website 11.
5.1.5.2 Company’s Compliance Policies 
Stellantis policies provide further details and guidance regarding the principles established in the 
Code of Conduct. These include policies on Anti-corruption, Export Controls, Conflicts of Interest, 
and others. The policies are tailored to the business of the Company, and emphasize integrity, 
transparency, compliance with applicable legal or regulatory frameworks, and establish a foundation 
for sustainability. 
The Policies are supplemented by Procedures that give detailed guidance on the implementation of the 
policies. By the end of 2023, the office of the Chief Audit and Compliance Officer will have conducted 
an annual review and update of the approximately 38 compliance- related Policies and Procedures that 
supplement the Code of Conduct 12.
11 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/code-of-conduct
12 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/corporate-regulations
5.1.5.3 The Company’s Tax Policy   GRI 2-27  GRI 207-1
The Company’s Tax Policy (the “Tax Policy”) is approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors and is published on the Company’s website 13. 
The Vice President of Tax is responsible for centralized coordination and management of the Tax Policy 
and for ensuring that the Company complies with all fiscal obligations for administering and paying all 
applicable taxes. 
These responsibilities are achieved through a dedicated Company tax structure of Regional Heads and 
Sector Heads of Tax who manage all tax-related matters at the Company level and within each of the 
Business Operating segments and Service companies, which are clearly defined and regularly updated. 
The Tax Policy is approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and is implemented under 
the direction of the Chief Financial Officer. The Tax Policy and supporting policies have been adopted 
to ensure that Tax Compliance, Tax Planning and Tax Risks are effectively and consistently managed 
at the Regional, Sector and Company levels. The Tax Policy is guided by the primary consideration 
that all material tax positions taken by the Company must comply with applicable laws and 
regulations and with the core principles that define the Company’s relationships with its main 
stakeholders and govern how it conducts its business activities.
The Company’s policy is to pay taxes legally due in countries within the course of its industrial or 
commercial activities, without artificial arrangements that shift value to low-tax jurisdictions. Under 
the same policy, cross-border transactions are conducted on an arms-length basis in accordance 
with applicable tax laws and regulations, including OECD Guidelines where applicable. Secrecy 
jurisdictions or so-called ‘tax havens’ are not to be used for the avoidance of tax.
The Company’s annual tax disclosures are included within the financial statements and accompanying 
footnotes available on the Company’s website.
5.1.5.4 The Company’s Public Affairs policy   GRI 415-1  
Responsible Public Affairs Practices 
Stellantis Public Affairs practices adhere to the UN Global Compact recommendations toward 
responsible contributions to public debate (SDG 16). Our relationship with governments is respectful, 
proactive and transparent. In line with Stellantis CSR commitments, the Company takes part in public 
debate on a wide range of issues, including those related to the automotive industry, ecology 
and the environment, transportation and mobility, data protection, road safety, regional 
development and international trade. 
Public Affairs Organization We monitor applicable legislation and regulations, and we bring our 
expertise to the development of regulations and standards that are responsive to the needs of our 
customers, communities and other stakeholders.In order to regulate its practices and to foster a culture 
of transparency and integrity with external parties, Stellantis has adopted a specific charter for relations 
with public institutions 14. 
13 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis_Tax_Policy_2021.pdf
14 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/code-of-conduct/Stellantis-
Group-Public-Affairs-Charter-Procedure-EN.pdf
182


Page 183:
Furthermore, the Company has determined a specific delegation of authority applicable to 
Public Affairs to determine (1) how Corporate positions are defined and defended by the Public 
Affairs team and (2) which Professional Memberships Stellantis is aligned to. The senior leaders 
of all regions are fully trained on both documents and are responsible for informing their teams 
accordingly. Both the charter and the delegation of authority apply to Stellantis employees who 
interact with public authorities (governments, parliaments, administrations, local authorities, etc.). 
They are to carry out their activity with probity and integrity, following the principles outlined in 
the charter and summarized below:
 ■ Promoting good governance and control of practices : As outlined in Stellantis’ delegation of 
authority, new positions taken on the most significant topics are debated in the Strategy Council 
and reviewed by the CEO. Moreover, Stellantis’ positions on public issues are aligned with Dare 
Forward 2030. In 2023 the Public Affairs Department was placed under the authority of the 
Global Corporate Office and Public Affairs Officer who reports directly to the CEO 15. As outlined in  
section  2.4   related to “climate governance”, all senior executives have incentive plans based 
on the CO 2 performances of the Company, hence, the public positions taken by Stellantis are 
aligned with the climate change ambition of the Company. At an operational level, the members 
in the Public Affairs Department are tasked with upholding the Stellantis Code of Conduct 
and the Charter with Public Institutions. New members of the Public Affairs Department are 
fully trained on the governance of Public Affairs and the corporate policies that apply to Public 
Affairs. Incentive plans for the Public Affairs Department include, as part of their goals, meeting 
the Company strategic plan which cite Stellantis’ environmental objectives. The Public Affairs 
Department may be audited by the Internal Audit Department which acts independently. 
Stellantis’ audit plan is based on a risk assessment process and is updated at regular intervals 
throughout the year. If, pursuant to the risks assessment, they were identified as being risky, 
they would be added to the audit plan.
 ■ Transparency and Integrity: For each CSR macro risk, the Company outlines its public position in 
this CSR report. Contributions to public debates are in line with the described position, taking into 
account the local context. To ensure transparency in its dealing with public authorities, the 
Company complies with the relevant rules, standards, and guidelines governing influential 
practices. Stellantis provides reliable and accurate information by reporting as required by law the 
activities and interactions between Stellantis and authorities and complies with the obligation of 
disclosure in the relevant registers of interest. For instance, in the U.S., federal lobbying is regulated 
by the U.S. Congress. Stellantis files quarterly reports that disclose spending on relevant activities 
and the specific topics addressed in interactions with particular public officials 16. Similarly, we 
register in the transparency register in the EU, in France and in Germany 17.
15 https://www.media.stellantis.com/uk-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-adapts-top-executive-
team-to-lead-company-through-increasingly-challenging-external-environment
16 https://lda.senate.gov/system/public/
17 https://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/consultation/displaylobbyist.do?id=986044541551-20 
      https://www.lobbyregister.bundestag.de/informationen-und-hilfe/information-in-english-876238  
      https://www.hatvp.fr/fiche-organisation/?organisation=879786085
In addition, Stellantis is implementing an internal system for tracking interactions between the global 
public affairs teams and public authorities in all regions we operate. There are no external investigations, 
against Stellantis, on allegations of breaches regarding transparency and integrity of engagement 
practices with public authorities. 
 ■ Political neutrality: Stellantis applies a policy of political neutrality; it does not make financial 
contributions to political parties or political candidates, in conformance with the Code of Conduct and 
the Charter for relations with Public Institutions.
5.1.6 ALLOCATED RESOURCES TO ACHIEVE OUR ETHICAL OBJECTIVES
Stellantis has allocated headcount and economic resources to maximize the attainment of its ethical 
objectives. Currently approximately 300 persons work within the Audit and Compliance organization, 
out of which approximately 37 are devoted to Compliance. Audit leads are appointed along regional and 
functional lines and there are auditors and investigators in major cities where Stellantis has a presence. 
There is one Compliance lead for the Americas, and another for Rest of World (ROW), with some shared 
global responsibilities between the two.The Chief Audit and Compliance Officer has a budget designed 
to allow the organization to meet its objectives, which is reviewed and approved by the Ethics and 
Compliance Committee after careful deliberation. The Audit and Compliance budget is approximately 
€45 million in 2023 (compared to €42 million in 2022). The ethics and compliance objectives include a 
focus on the Code of Conduct, the Integrity Helpline, Conflicts of Interest, Anti-Bribery/Corruption, Gifts 
and Entertainment, Risk Management; Third Party Management; Compliance Culture/Training; 
Protecting Assets, Charitable Giving, Export and Trade Regulations and others. 
HRT - Audit & Compliance - Organization Chart 
Audit & Compliance
North 
America & 
Commercial 
Audit
Enlarged 
Europe & 
Industrial 
Audit
South 
America & 
Corporate 
Functions 
Audit
MEA & 
Affiliates 
and Finance 
Companies 
Audit
China & 
Corporate 
Functions 
Audit
IAP & 
Product 
Audit
Tech 
Audit
Risk 
Management, 
Security and 
Insurance
America’s
Compliance
Enlarged Europe  
/ MEA / China / 
Asia Pacific
Compliance
Global Training / 
Communication
Compliance
Global Program 
Management Office, 
KPI Management, 
Resource Planning 
and Reporting
Global 
Quality 
Assurance
Human 
Rights
Stellantis has allocated headcount and 
economic resources to maximize the 
attainment of its ethical objectives
183


Page 184:
Every year, Stellantis’ memberships worldwide for the following year are reviewed and formally 
approved by the relevant EVP. As such, the General Counsel and Global Corporate Office and Public 
Affairs Officer, with oversight for Stellantis Public Affairs during 2023, reviewed and approved the Public 
Affairs’ spending of the Company. In 2023, the Company consolidated its global budget for public affairs 
activities , yielding a budget of €13.27 million. This amount represents both the amount spent internally 
as well as the amount spent in Automotive Associations and is detailed per region in the table below:
Contribution  
in million € Year Internal Auto Associations Total
Enlarged Europe
2023 1.51 1.61 3.12
2022 1.38 2.47 3.85
North America
2023 2.47 ** 4.77 7.24
2022 2.07 3.40 5.47
South America
2023 1.11 1.09 2.20
2022 0.23 0.80 0.99
Asia
2023 - 0.25 0.25
2022 - 0.30 -
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 0.12 0.15 0.27
2022 - - -
China
2023 0.02 0.18 0.20
2022 - - 0.01
Total
2023 5.23 8.05 13.27
2022 3.68 6.90 10.58
2021 2.90 2.20 5.10*
* The 2021 amounts are the result of a different calculation methodology and are not directly comparable.
** In the U.S., federal lobbying costs are reported based on the definitions included in the lobbying and tax laws. 
Lobbying costs are not reported in Canada and Mexico.
To ensure consistency of reported amount on a worldwide basis, in 2023, Stellantis is reporting 
expenditures related to these activities on a global basis when a Public Affairs team is present.  
The spending is directly comparable with 2022. 
The internal spending includes
 ■ labor costs (including General and administrative costs) for hours spent (100%)
 ■ amount paid to third party firms (100%), and
 ■ travel, meals, and other expenses incurred (100%).
Our corporate policy does not allow financial contributions to political parties and prohibits 
giving anything of value to public officials. 
The Automotive Associations figures are the amount spent in membership fees in 2023. We elected to 
focus on the Automotive Associations memberships, as these are the main external conduit through 
which Stellantis undertakes activities that could be considered as lobbying. Note, that Stellantis is a 
member of other associations for a variety of purposes, including the free flow of information, providing 
balanced perspectives on issues, information gathering or negotiations with unions; those associations 
may undertake activities considered as well. 
Stellantis has an internal process in place to highlight the alignment between climate change policy 
positions of trade associations and the Stellantis strategic plan Dare Forward 2030. Where any 
misalignment exists, this will be remediated.
5.1.7 INITIATIVES AND ACHIEVEMENTS IN THE PURSUIT  
OF ETHICAL EXCELLENCE 
GRI 205-1
The Company has launched, and will continue to launch, various initiatives designed to continue 
developing its ethical culture. Some activities include the following: 
Audits 
The Internal Audit and Compliance Department includes regulatory compliance and the Ethics 
and Compliance Program within the scope of its annual audit plan. Pursuant to the department’s 
procedures for the selections of topics for internal audits, the department may choose to review 
adherence to policies dealing with competition, anti-corruption, data privacy, export controls and other 
compliance-related topics. An example of such an internal audit is the audit process for ensuring the 
Code of Conduct awareness.
At each quarterly audit wave a sample of audits is selected within the Global Audit Plan , which annually 
covers all operations identified at risk pursuant to the Stellantis Enterprise Risk Management process. 
For each of the selected audits, the Internal Audit and Compliance Department, in addition to the 
specific audit work program, performs a review based on a check lists named "Ethics questionnaire". 
Interviews are conducted with management and in case of potential issues further analysis is made. 
The outcomes of the internal audit are used to assess the robustness of the Compliance Program.
At appropriate times, the Company selects external parties to conduct audits of specific functions. 
External Audits performed by independent auditors may include topics such as the Integrity Helpline, 
emissions-related regulatory compliance, environmental health and safety, and energy management 
systems. The Integrity Helpline and compliance with emissions regulations as well as applicable 
agreements with certain governing agencies are audited by those governmental agencies, while 
environmental health and safety, and energy management systems are audited by an accredited ISO 
Certification body. 
As mentioned above in section  5.2.3 , the Company also conducts a Compliance Assessment to ensure 
that the Ethics and Compliance Program identifies compliance risks, takes proper steps to mitigate such risks, 
and does so in an efficient manner. This process includes information from various internal sources, but 
also incorporates benchmarking from organizations devoted to corporate ethics, such as Ethisphere 18.
In 2023, out of more than 13 thousand customers, Stellantis was awarded the Navex Customer 
Excellence Award for the category “Excellence in Ethics and Compliance”, for Exemplary Innovation in 
its Compliance Program.
18 Audit charter https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-
regulations/Stellantis_Audit_Committee_Charter.pdf
184


Page 185:
Trainings 
In 2023, the Company continued its focus on training employees on Code of Conduct- related topics. 
The mandatory Compliance e-learning initiatives are targeted to different audiences of white collar 
employees. The training program is composed of the following initiatives: 
 ■ “Ethics Experience: put compliance in daily action!”: an e-learning targeted to all white-collar employees 
which covers various compliance topics such as anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, anti-fraud, etc. It 
emphasizes the responsibility of employees to comply with the Code of Conduct an the importance of 
using the Company’s channels to report concerns (for example through the Integrity Helpline);
 ■ Human Rights e-learning is targeted to all white-collar employees to improve awareness regarding 
Stellantis policies to protect human rights;
 ■ Export Controls and Sanctions e-learning is aimed to enhance awareness of the group of most 
concerned employees on controls and available resources to contact in case of doubts on application 
of export controls and sanctions;
 ■ Insider trading Policy e-learning is aimed to ensure understanding of the Stellantis Insider Trading 
policy by the restricted insiders groups of employees;
 ■ Information Protection e-learning is targeted to all white-collar employees to improve awareness 
about information security controls and related risks;
 ■ Data Privacy e-learning: a new training is under preparation for 2024.
The Company also developed an onboarding training program in 2023 for new hires which incorporates 
the Code of Conduct e-learning.
Training on the Code of Conduct has been expanded in 2023 to blue collar workers as part of the 
Diversity and Inclusion training program. In 2023, approximately 75 000 employees were trained in the 
modules associated with the Ethics Experience, 27 thousand were trained on Export Controls, and 65 
thousand were trained on Human Rights, for a total of 167 thousand employee trainings. While these 
trainings were focused on white collar employees, 44% of the participants in the gamification initiative 
mentioned in the Ethics Experience Program section below were blue collar workers, representing an 
important training inroad into this employee segment. 
The Company made available in 2023 an e-learning about the Stellantis Code of Conduct ethical 
principles, to suppliers, dealers and distributors through the applicable learning management systems 
of the Company and through an offline link.
In 2023 Managers continued to be trained on ethical leadership key elements.
Areas Name of program Year
Category of 
employee 
targeted
Number of 
hours
Number of 
Employee 
trained19
% of 
employees 
trained vs 
target20
Ethics
Ethics Experience 2023 white collars 37,587 75,173 93%
Ethical leadership 
classroom/managers 2022 white collars 6,231 8,308 62%
Code of Conduct
2023 white collars 2,679 3,999 89%
2022 white collars 51,827 77,353 90%
Anti-corruption 2022 white collars 22,078 29,437 99%
Human Rights e-learning 2023 white collars 17,236 68,944 88%
Preventing Fraud 
(Stellantis e-learning)
2023 white collars 4,213 5,617 92%
2022 white collars 40,062 40,062 82%
Business
Export Control and 
Sanctions e-learning2023 white collars 9,369 28,106 91%
Insider trading Policy 
e-learning2023 white collars 143 428 75%
Information protection 2023 white collars 26,409 63,382 88%
Phishing 2022 white collars 18,246 72,984 94%
Data 
PrivacyData Privacy e-learning 2022 white collars 33,506 79,777 93%
Integrity 
Helpline
Speak-up!  
(Stellantis e-learning)
2023 white collars 3,766 11,411 92%
2022 white collars 16,916 50,748 85%
Ethic Experience Program
The Company launched a comprehensive communication program in 2023, the ‘Ethics Experience’, 
designed to engage the workforce in matters of ethics and compliance. The communication program 
was developed to create excitement, interaction and participation around compliance. For this 
reason the Company developed 3 groups of activities: 
 ■ Initiatives to join such as the Ethical Culture Survey or Ethics Quick Polls;
 ■ Initiatives to speak and interact on compliance topics such as compliance specialist talks, always with 
Integrity videos and the compliance casting program;
 ■ Initiatives to encourage employees in acting by reporting concerns or asking questions.
The Company also developed a recognition program to encourage employee’s participation in ethics 
and compliance initiatives, by giving visibility to the best contributors under the ‘Ethics Experience’ 
program. Employees can earn points by participating in the various initiatives of the program and could 
be honored during the “Ethics Experience Awards” which will take place in April 2024. 
19 Including both full-time and part-time employees
20 The completion rate is calculated based on the target assigned to the training campaign, regardless the reporting year 
185


Page 186:
In the second part of the year, the Company conducted the second Ethical Culture Survey amongst 
its employees to help identify the best way forward on the ethical corporate journey of the Company. 
According to the results of the survey, 95% of respondents believed the Code of Conduct was easy to 
understand and relevant, and that the Company is living the principles established in the Code of Conduct. 
Also, in April 2023, the Company launched a gamification initiative in South America to all workers to 
enhance knowledge about the Stellantis Code of Conduct. By participating in a game and answering 
questions about the Code of Conduct and ethics topics, employees accumulate points that 
enable them to build a car in a virtual garage. As of November 2023, more than 8,000 employees 
had answered 1.9 million questions. The gamification initiative will be exported to other countries in 
the coming years.
Ethical Leadership Principles
ACT
Be an example 
for the Team
SPEAK UP
Promote ethical 
standards in 
business life
LISTEN
Encourage 
open door 
communications
REACT
Take appropriate 
actions
Enhancements to the Integrity Helpline 
The Stellantis Whistleblowing Policy defines the applicable rules for the receipt and management of 
any potential violation of the Code of Conduct including discrimination and harassment. Concerns 
can be reported via any of the following channels: direct supervisors and the Human Resources, 
Compliance, and Legal Departments as well as the Integrity Helpline. The Integrity Helpline  is the 
global tool to receive and register concerns received, through multiple intake channels, as well as gifts 
and entertainment that deviate from the policy, disclose conflicts of interest or  request advice about 
Company policies, anonymously if so desired by the reporter and if permitted by law.  The Stellantis 
Integrity Helpline is available 24/7 by phone or web in multiple languages and is designed to ensure 
that any suspected violations of our Code of Conduct can be reported, received, and resolved properly 
and efficiently. In 2023 further developments for the Integrity Helpline were explored to use 
empowered AI tools to enhance efficiency in responding to queries about the Code of Conduct or 
application of Company compliance policies and procedures. Various internal communication campaigns 
deployed throughout 2023 promoted the use of the Integrity Helpline as a system for the reporting of 
all types of concerns, including vehicle safety and regulatory concerns. This system continues to be 
provided by a specialized independent service provider and used for reporting investigations by trained 
and skilled resources. It is open to workforce members, business partners and other stakeholders and 
is accessible on Stellantis’ website 21. 
21 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/how-to-report-a-violation-of-the-code-of-conduct
Any doubts on Code of Conduct violations?
SPEAK TO
Direct Supervisor
Compliance Department
Human Resources
Legal Department
REPORT TO
The Integrity Helpline
integrityhelpline.stellantis.com
Integrity Helpline case resolution process 
The Stellantis Audit and Compliance Department has responsibility for the Integrity Helpline and to 
conduct investigations related to ethics and compliance concerns. For all reports received, including 
discrimination, harassment or other alleged violations to the Code of Conduct, a preliminary assessment 
of the allegation is performed by the Integrity Helpline Regional Delegate, who assigns a priority to the 
case based on specific criteria. Examples of criteria include the involvement of senior management, risk 
of reputational damage, intentional non respect of law and regulations among others. A personalized 
response is provided to the reporter and if necessary a request for further information. The case is 
then assigned to a specific team of trained and specialized investigators. Upon completion of the 
investigation an outcome of Confirmed; Not Confirmed; Not Confirmed with Issue is assigned to the 
case and any potential remediation actions are evaluated in cooperation with the business functions and 
implemented by management. Corrective actions can include training, awareness and coaching as well 
as disciplinary actions. All actions are evaluated by both the Compliance team and Human Resources 
to ensure that instances of non-compliance with laws or Company policies are the subject of discipline 
that is proportional to the seriousness of the non-compliance. For cases where disciplinary action is 
deemed necessary, including cases of discriminatory behavior or harassment, remediation measures 
may involve a written or verbal warning or termination. The Stellantis Regional Ethics and Compliance 
Committees (ECC) are periodically presented with the proposed final case disposition and remediation 
actions, for approval. Only cases meeting the following escalation criteria are reported to the Global ECC 
and subsequently to the Audit Committee: 
 ■ (a) matters that could subject any Stellantis Group company to significant Financial impact;
 ■ (b) matters that could expose Stellantis to significant reputational damage, 
 ■ (c) matters involving senior management, 
 ■ (d) matters that would be required to be disclosed in public filings by a publicly traded company, and 
 ■ (e) more generally, any intentional and substantial violation of laws and regulations, 
The Committee is also free to elevate any other matter to the Audit Committee, in its discretion. 
The Stellantis Audit and Compliance 
Department has responsibility for 
the Integrity Helpline and to conduct 
investigations related to ethics and 
compliance concerns
186


Page 187:
Report Resolution Process 
Whistleblowing
Web/Telephone
INTEGRITY HELPLINE
Email/phone
open door
hard copy
Integrity Helpline
Ethics Point 
Incident 
Management 
system
Protocol 
number
Audit and Compliance
Preliminary 
Evaluation
Is the 
Whistleblowing 
Case detailed
NO
Archived
YES
Ranking 
attribution 
to relevant 
department
Investigation
Update to 
the case info 
on IH
Reporting
In 2023 the number of cases received by the Integrity Helpline continued to increase, which reflects recent communications and training initiatives designed to increase Integrity Helpline awareness (see table: Number 
of reported cases via the Integrity Helpline)
Number of cases reported via the Integrity Helpline
Year
Protecting our Workforce Conducting Business
Interacting with 
External Parties
Managing our 
Assets and 
Information Total
Harassment and 
Internal Working 
Environment
Discrimination 
and Retaliation
Environment, 
Health & Safety 
(EHS)
Corruption, 
Bribery, Lobbying 
and Gifts Data Privacy Other
No of reported cases received 
2023 1,278 387 61 45 18 34 71 262 2,156
2022 1,007 343 63 29 15 24 67 314 1,862
Total cases closed 
2023 1,333 404 63 52 17 29 74 273 2,245
2022 877 299 83 13 12 27 88 323 1,722
No of cases closed as 
substantiated or not substantiated 
with issue
2023 330 38 30 22 5 11 36 140 612
2022 280 42 22 5 4 13 36 173 575
Number of cases archived
2023 306 55 3 6 2 2 4 29 407
2022 189 49 9 1 - 2 6 30 286
No of cases still open in N
2023 327 178 13 19 6 12 29 88 672
2022 379 194 14 21 5 9 38 100 760
No. of closed cases with actions 
taken
2023 383 53 36 27 11 19 39 157 725
2022 326 52 30 6 7 15 37 205 678
Duplicate cases received i
2023 103 26 5 5 - 4 15 175
2022 76 17 8 1 - - 5 7 114
187


Page 188:
Sanctions and Export Controls. 
In the absence of a resolution to the Russia/Ukraine conflict the Company has continued to devote 
special attention to the controls designed to ensure regulatory compliance with economic sanctions 
and export controls (“Sanctions”). The Company is also closely monitoring the possible expansion of 
controls governing trade flows between China and the United States. 
Third Party Due Diligence. 
The Third Party Due Diligence program is conducted with a specialized external service provider 
and selects business partners for due diligence on the basis of risk criteria that are described in the 
Company’s Third Party Due Diligence Policy and Procedure. Those criteria include corruption perception 
for the jurisdiction, financial exposure, and nature of business conducted with the business partner. 
Due diligence reports of various levels of depth are obtained for selected business partners depending 
on the level of overall risk identified. Once a business partner is in the due diligence system, continuous 
monitoring tools (operating 24/7) will search an extensive data lake of information sources for any risk-
related information related to that business partner, resulting in relevant alerts for Stellantis. The due 
diligence information is made available to management for the purposes of determining whether to do 
business, or to continue doing business, with the parties that are the subject of due diligence. 
5.1.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
The following table sets out in full the automotive associations to whom we adhered in 2023
Function Or Region Country Association
Enlarged 
Europe
Belgium 
Informex SA
FEBIAC (ACEA) (Fédération Belge de l'Automobile & du Cycle)
France 
PFA
IRT (M2P & Jules Verne) 
AUTOSAR (AUTomotive Open System ARchitectur) 
AMAM (Association des Médias Auto & Moto)
ASTE (Association pour le développement des Sciences et Techniques de 
l’Environnement)
AFIREV: Association Française pour Itinérance des recharges Electriques 
de Véhicules
ECF (European Caravan Federation)
ADASIS
Chademo
H2 Mobilité France
ETSI (European Telecommunications Standards Institute) - Standardization
AFNOR Elec
Function Or Region Country Association
Enlarged 
Europe
France
Charging Interface Initiative - CharlN. PSA Membership
AVERE (European Association for Electromobility) 
CIROQUO
SIA (Société des Ingénieurs de l'Automobile) - Cotisation
CNPA (Conseil National des Professions de l'Automobile) 
GALIA
Germany 
NAFEMS (National Agency for Finite Element Methods and Standards) 
VDA - GTB Umlage
Stifterverband für die deutsche Wirtschaft / VDA - Umlage für 
Stifterverband (Belegschaftsumlage)
VDA - IW-Umweltinstitut
VDA - Logistik-Umlage
VDA - Jahresumlage Finanzierung Fachbereich Aftersales
WVM (WirtschaftsVereinigung Metalle)
VDA - Schülerlotsendienst 
Charging Interface Initiative - CharlN. OP V Membership
VDIK (Verband der Internationalen Kraftfahrzeughersteller)
Verband der Automobilindustrie e. V. (VDA), 10117 Berlin
Hungary MAGE (ACEA) (Magyar Gépjárműipari Egyesület)
Italy
CEI
IGLAD-Initiative for the Global harmonisation of Accident Data
Cluster Lucano Automotive
AIM Associazione Italiana Metallurgia
UNI Ente Nazionale Unificazione
ANFIA AUTOMOTIVE
CCAM
iNEMI
ERTRAC-European Road Transport Advisory Council
IAM-Innovazione Automotive Metalmeccanica Abruzzo (split btw all 
areas)
European Automobile Manufactures Association (EUCAR)
Centro Nazionale di Mobilità
ANFIA (ACEA) (Associazione Nazionale Filiera Industria Automobilistica)
188


Page 189:
Function Or Region Country Association
Enlarged 
Europe
Portugal
ACAP - Associação Automóvel de Portugal
ARAC (Associação dos Industriais de Aluguer de Automóveis sem 
Condutor)
Serbia
Association of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers of Serbia
Serbian Association of Importers of Vehicles and Parts
Spain
ANFAC (ACEA) (Asociación Española de Fabricantes de Automóviles y 
Camiones)
GANVAM/GVVM/Gremi Taller/FEDEME
Switzerland UPSA (Union des Professionnels suisse de l'Automobile)
UK
SMMT (Society of Motors Manufacturers & Traders)
NCC (National Caravan Council)
Fisita (UK) Limited
Ukraine EBA (European Business Association)
India & Asia 
Pacific
India SIAM/ARAI (Association of Indian Manufacturers)
Japan
Mikawa Port Promotion Association
Aichi Automobiles Promotion Association
Japan Automobile Importers Association (JAIA)
Japan Automobile Importers Association (JAIA)
Malaysia Malaysia Automotive Association
Middle East 
& Africa
Morocco Association des Importateurs de Véhicules au Maroc (AIVAM)
South 
Africa
Italian Club
Motor Industry Ombudsman
NAAMSA
NRCS
African association of automative manufacters
Turkey ODD - Turkish association of car manufacturers and automotive suppliers
North 
America
Canada 
North American Fleet Association (NAFA)
Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association
Mexico AMIA (Asociación Mexicana de la Industria Automotriz) 
Function Or Region Country Association
North 
America USA
American Welding Society (AWS)
SAE and NAFI Annual Memberships
Open Charge Alliance (OCA)
Utah State University (ASPIRE)
Engineering Society of Detroit (ESD) 
US LERN Automotive Forum
Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG)
Alliance Automotive Innovation
Vehicle Grid Integration Council (VGIC)
CalETC (California Electric Transportation Coalition)
Total Materia
ZEV/NESCAUM
Ohio State University (OSU) Car Consortium
MOBI (Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative)
ASPPRC - Advance Steel Processing and Products Research Center 
(ASPPRC) – Colorado School of Mines 
Auto/Steel Partnership (A/SP)
Automotive Coalition for Traffic Safety, Inc. (ACTS)
USCAR-United States Consortium for Automotive Research
American Automotive Policy Council
Alliance Automotive Innovation
South 
America 
Argentina 
AEA (Associación Empresaria Argentina)
ADEFA (Asociación de Fabricantes de Automotores)                                           
Brazil
AEB (Associação de Comércio Exterior do Brasil)
AER (Associação das Empresas usuárias de RECOF)
ABRAJEEP (Associação Brasileira dos Distribuidores Jeep)
ANFAVEA (Associação Nacional de Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores)
ABRACAF (Associação Brasileira dos Concessionários de Automóveis Fiat)
Chile ANAC (Asociación Nacional Automotriz de Chile)
China China
CAAM
China-NCAP (CATARC consumerism) 
CATARC (China Automotive Technology and Research Centre) 
189


Page 190:
5.2 RESPONSIBLE MANAGEMENT  
OF PERSONAL INFORMATION  
GRI 3-3
5.2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION
Given today’s ever-expanding connectivity and digitalization of activities, a lot of personal 
information is processed, for example online services, online shopping, social media, Internet of 
Things (IoT). Internet users who are not well–versed in the legal issues surrounding the privacy 
of information are becoming increasingly wary. This requires more and more regulators all over 
the world to define privacy regulations to protect fundamental rights and freedoms of natural 
persons concerning their personal information. The European General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR 22), which entered into force on May 25, 2018, is one of the first and most complete regulation, 
however, other countries also define their own local regulation (e.g. California Consumer Privacy Act, 
LGPD Brazilian data protection law).
The challenges for companies consist of implementing all due processes fulfilling related regulations 
such as GDPR and others, by providing customers’ clear and transparent information. Stellantis aims to 
maintain a relationship founded on trust by working to ensure that personal data is kept confidential 
and only processed for valid purposes. Because the trust of our customers, employees and other 
concerned data subjects is fundamental, we take actions to adhere to data protection rules.
The Company is committed to the legitimate protection of consumer information and strives to ensure 
safety and security of data. These activities also support the Company’s performance. 
COMPANY TRANSFORMATION THROUGH THE SOFTWARE STRATEGY
On Software Day December 7, 2021, Stellantis mapped out its software strategy 
to deploy next-generation tech platforms, building on existing connected vehicle 
capabilities to transform how customers interact with their vehicles.
This transformation continues to move Stellantis’ vehicles from today’s dedicated 
electronic architectures to an open software-defined platform that seamlessly integrates 
with customers’ digital lives. This platform is designed to greatly expand the options 
offered to customers who can add, with their consent, innovative features and services 
via regular over-the-air (OTA) updates keeping vehicles fresh, exciting and updated 
years after they have been originally developed. 
22  GDPR General Data Protection Regulation official text: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/
PDF/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679&from=EN 
Company’s public position
Stellantis is committed to protecting customers’ and employees' personal data, and globally personal 
data of all categories of data subjects. Mostly based on the European Data Protection Regulation 
and of corresponding regulations in other jurisdictions, we respect the privacy requirements 
of customers’ personal data for both current customers that use products and services, and 
prospective customers where data is obtained via Stellantis websites, apps, in the network or 
in-vehicle systems. We work to ensure that they are used appropriately while maintaining the 
principles relating to processing personal data such as lawfulness, fairness, transparency, data 
minimization, storage and purpose limitation, integrity and confidentiality. We implement processes 
to respect customers’ preferred contact methods to ensure that each customer has control over 
their personal data shared with our Company.
The Company is committed to the essential principles of GDPR “Privacy by Design” and “Privacy by 
Default” and is consistently improving the security of its data storage and exchange networks, especially 
with the connected car that has transformed vehicle manufacturers into experienced players on the 
subject of data protection. Stellantis carries out training and awareness-raising actions throughout 
the Company and takes part in industry working groups to foster the exchange of best practices. We 
consistently monitor the fulfillment of privacy regulations and take appropriate action when potential 
issues are identified.
The protection of personal data is considered a fundamental right for customers, and it is an important 
factor of trust, confidence and loyalty contributing towards satisfaction. 
The Company through its participation in discussions led by local and European bodies such as CCFA 
(Comité des Constructeurs Automobiles Français), VDA (Verband der Automobilindustrie) and Unione 
Industriale Association (Italy), works with the European authorities to shape how GDPR is applied to 
vehicle manufacturers’ activities as well as to share a common understanding of privacy regulations 
related to new technologies applied to connected vehicles. 
The Company starting from January 2023 has become Permanent Stakeholder of the Project on Data 
Protection as a Corporate Social Responsibility (DPCSR) developed by the Maastricht University, more 
specifically by its European Centre on Privacy and Cybersecurity (ECPC) of the Faculty Law. 
ECPC’s objective is to trigger virtuous data protection competition between companies by creating 
an environment that identifies and promotes data protection as an asset which can be used to help 
companies to responsibly further their economic targets. This can be accomplished through the 
development of a new dimension of data protection that goes beyond legal compliance, transforming 
data protection into a new form of Corporate Social Responsibility. 
The DPCSR Permanent Stakeholder Group constitutes a community where researchers from ECPC 
and Stakeholders will exchange ideas, best practices, and contribute to overseeing relevant updates 
to the DPCSR Framework in light of e.g., new technologies and risks to the rights and freedoms of 
data subjects, challenges in the implementation of the Rules (auditable controls) of the Framework, 
also providing relevant guidance and suggestions for amendments to the Framework as appropriate. 
By participating in the DPCSR Permanent Stakeholder Group, Stellantis actively contributes to shaping 
the future of the innovative and constructive framework for Data Protection as a Corporate Social 
Responsibility. 
190


Page 191:
5.2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS 
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #12 Responsible management of personal information
VISION/AMBITION: Protect personal data by processing information confidentially and according to applicable data protection regulations
OWNER: General Counsel
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2022) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2040) 2021 2022 2023
% of complaints raised by 
Supervisory Authorities from 
customer privacy/data protection 
infringements handled within 1 
month (and/or due date required 
by the Authorities)
100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
5.2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES  GRI 3-3
Privacy being now considered and understood as part of the fundamental rights and freedoms of 
persons, protection of personal data by Stellantis is taken into account at the earliest stage possible 
in our activities to avoid risks for data subjects and risks for the Company in terms of compliance with 
privacy regulations, reputation and operational efficiency. 
Of course, our first priority is to avoid risks for data subjects themselves when we process personal 
information of our customers, employees and other concerned data subjects.
5.2.3.1 Risks
The Company is managing three main categories of risks in this area: 
 ■ Non-compliance with existing and future regulations, that may lead to fines (e.g. up to 4% of 
annual turnover for European GDPR): Risks of non-compliance are mainly addressed by the privacy 
governance within the Company  5.2.4 , but are also addressed through the training on privacy topics 
of our employees and by the management of our suppliers and partners with regards to privacy topics 
 ■ Reputational risks, that may lead to a deterioration of our image and impact on sales: Risks of reputation 
are addressed by providing transparent and clear information to data subjects (e.g. customers, 
employees) and by providing them with easy access to their personal information  5.2.7 .
 ■ Risks related to operational efficiency, that may lead to redevelop existing non-compliant products 
and service: Risks due to inefficient internal processes, in terms of personal data protection, may 
concern various activities of the Company, such as:
 ● development of our products or services: the risks to develop non-compliant product or services (e.g. 
vehicles or other means of mobility’s development and more generally all necessary Information and 
Technologies development we need for our activity ) with regards to privacy regulations are addressed 
by a strong deployment of our “Privacy by Design” methodologies, aims to include the privacy 
requirements to enable products and services) to fulfil privacy regulations in internal projects methods
 ● Risks related to security vulnerabilities that could generate cyber-attacks or data breaches: they 
are addressed to handle them by operational procedures and by the global Information and 
Technologies and cybersecurity monitoring of the Company.
5.2.3.2 Opportunities
The Company’s expertise in addressing and mitigating these risks opens opportunities:
 ■ Implementing “Privacy by Design” methods and having cybersecurity standards help the Company 
to develop and to commercialize new products and services in a responsible way
 ■ Working to being recognized as a Company that takes care of personal information of its customers 
and employees allows to maintain the confidence in our Company of our customers and partners for 
our products and services. This may notably support:
 ● our business development by increasing the number and the quality of the data for the business purposes 
 ● the improvement of our products and services and to develop new ones thanks to the data and 
feedbacks our customers give us. 
191


Page 192:
5.2.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS GRI 3-3
The Stellantis Global Cybersecurity and Privacy Committee was established in 2021 to govern and 
monitor cybersecurity and privacy risks in our Information and Technologies systems, products and 
services. It is co-chaired by the Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer and the Chief 
Financial Officer and it steers the cybersecurity and privacy programs for Stellantis.
 Stellantis N.V. Data Protection Officer (DPO) is the General Counsel of Stellantis, reporting to the Chief 
Executive Officer.
As of September 1, 2022 a Privacy Office was established and the activities were organized by areas of 
responsibility at global level for providing data privacy support:
 ■  Customer and ICT processes (including digital marketing, web sites, data analytic, data lake, software 
initiatives);
 ■  Product Development processes (including, autonomous driving, connectivity, artificial intelligence);
 ■  HR processes.
At regional and business level, responsibility for providing data privacy support is assigned for each 
Region as follows: Enlarged Europe to the Head of Stellantis Privacy Office above mentioned. For the 
other Regions (North America, South America, India Asia Pacific/China, Middle East and Africa) and for 
Businesses (Maserati, COMAU) to the respective General Counsel, in each case with the support of the 
Regional Privacy Teams comprised of representatives of Legal and ICT.
The Company’s DPO is responsible to:
 ■ monitor and promote the data privacy compliance
 ■ define and provide guidance to the organization on requirements of relevant data privacy regulations
 ■ monitor compliance with the rules of personal data protection
 ■ inform, advise and issue recommendations
 ■ establish the respective data protection culture
 ■ cooperate with the respective responsible Supervisory Authorities on issues related to the processing 
of personal data.
Two networks of in-house representatives back up the Company’s DPO: 
 ■ for business divisions: the privacy business referents and the compliance champions  5.1.4.1 
 ■ for European National Sales Companies: several managers within Stellantis ensure integration by 
design for the protection of personal data and compliance when processing the affected activities, 
even when working with external subcontractors or services. Each employee is involved in respecting 
the Company’s data protection policies. 
5.2.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY  GRI 3-3
Stellantis sets up the proper governance and control structures, methods and procedures, regarding 
the protection of personal data by: 
 ■ giving transparent information to customers, employees and other data subject
 ■ improving the efficiency of consent management
 ■ helping data subjects to exercise their rights regarding their personal data
 ■ implementing “Privacy by Design/by Default” principles during projects 
 ■ improving the security of our data storage and networks
 ■ monitoring potential security breaches and applying data breaches procedures
 ■ ensuring the same level of data protection from our subcontractors
 ■ raising awareness or training the managers and the employees
 ■ monitoring and periodically auditing the organization
 ■ maintaining close and confident relationships with Data Protection Authorities. 
5.2.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES  GRI 3-3
In order to ensure the implementation of data privacy policies according to the governance  
defined  5.2.4  and along with decisions taken by the Company, notably we have set up the following 
actions to respect the essential principles of “Privacy by Design” and “Privacy by Default”: 
 ■ consistently improving the security of its data storage and exchange by the IT department
 ■ working to adapt the processes s for IT, Sales and Marketing, Mobility services, and for Engineering
 ■ providing privacy trainings for project managers, engineering teams (to comply with the “Privacy by 
Design” principle for vehicles and connected services) and frontlines (e.g., vendors in the dealership)
 ■ all the employees in charge for processing the data received the necessary operational instructions
 ■ operating a strong information system security policy
 ■ monitoring of system performance or service disruptions: the digitization of a large part of our 
relationship with our customers, notably now including online sales and payments makes it crucial 
that access to network, IT systems and data is assured at all times
 ■ contingency plans, to ensure business continuity in case of technical failure, human error, malicious 
attacks, weather events, natural disasters or terrorist attacks.
In addition, every department and concerned legal entity shall keep updated its legally required records 
of processing activities. Free2Move Data Privacy Review, Customer First System Review, Stellantis 
Financial Services GDPR General Review. 
Periodically, privacy self-assessments are proposed to specific business entities to improve the 
awareness of managers and to measure the level of GDPR maturity. Based on the findings of Internal 
Audits, the results and verbatim of the annual self-assessment, and the achievement of improvement 
action plans, Stellantis DPO can identify the needs in further enhancements for the internal privacy 
training, templates of privacy notices, templates of privacy agreements in contracts (Data Processing 
Agreement). 
192


Page 193:
5.2.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS  GRI 3-3
Starting from the July 1, 2023 Stellantis Europe S.p.A. was designated as the unique central data 
controller for all Stellantis brands, across all National Sales Companies (NSCs) in Enlarged Europe.  
The aim is centralizing the control over the data in terms of effectiveness, efficiency of the processes 
and in relation to security measures applied to them.
In order to provide transparent information to customers, and according to the mentioned 
reorganization, following a specific road map, all privacy statements were updated improving also the 
information provided to customers about the different purposes of use and the processing of their 
personal data in the vehicle. 
Moreover, the Company has implemented – and continues to implement – several measures, such as:
 ■ improve the communication with our customer in relation to their questions and requests. In 
particular the procedure relating to the data subject rights is constantly updated in an effort to 
comply with the more recent data protection authorities guidelines 
 ■ ensure the same level of Stellantis data protection from the Company’s business partners, a template 
of the GDPR addendum to supplier contracts “Data Processing Agreement” has been defined based 
on the templates provided by European Union; and our buyers are requested to be trained on using 
these documents.
Further periodic meetings were held with the professional associations, notably in France, Germany 
and Italy directly with the local Supervisory Authorities. Referring to the relation with the French 
Data Protection Commission (CNIL), the Company was involved in an active process leading the CNIL 
publication of a “conformity package for connected vehicles” in 2017, which explains how privacy 
regulations apply to the vehicle and connected services. This “conformity package” has been raised at 
European level. The European Data Protection Board (EDPB) guidelines have been published early 2021 
after having been discussed at ACEA level in 2020, especially with the participation of Stellantis 23.
The cooperation with the CNIL is still in place. Stellantis is part of the Compliance Club actors of 
connected vehicles and mobility. 
23 https://edpb.europa.eu/our-work-tools/our-documents/guidelines/guidelines-012020-processing-personal-
data-context_en
Infringement of consumer privacy regulations  GRI 2-27
(GDPR and local data protection regulation) 
The Company is subject to governmental investigations and legal proceeding on privacy. In 2023 
Stellantis did not received fines considered material. 
With the aim to monitor the data management processes, Stellantis examines the following indicators 
on the potential failure of privacy compliance: 
INCIDENTS & BREACHES 2023
Data breaches The data breaches are managed under policies implemented in and promptly 
managed engaging all the main stakeholders in time and addressing the 
necessary countermeasures. The activity is performed in strict coordination 
with the Information and Technology Dept., Cybersecurity Dept. and our 
legal team.
Customers claims The Stellantis Companies/Data Controllers, if requested by the local 
regulations, provide in the privacy notice the contact details to exercise the 
data subject rights. The DPO teams are constantly involved in the process to 
manage the data subject requests. 
Authority requests
& Inspection results
The Authority requests are promptly managed with the support of the DPO 
teams. 
In 2023, 100 percent of complaints raised by supervisory Authorities for customer privacy/data 
protection infringements were handled within the due date required by these Authorities. 
193


Page 194:
5.3 RESPONSIBLE INFORMATION TO CUSTOMERS  GRI 3-3
5.3.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #13 Responsible information to customers
Stellantis works to provide responsible information to the customer and align its marketing practices 
with sustainability guidelines. The Company strives to be transparent by adhering to fair marketing 
practices in its consumer-facing communications. We are committed to the accountability of information 
in customer facing communications as well as environmental issues in line with applicable regulations, 
including CO2 reduction, protection of biodiversity and natural habitats, and health and safety. 
Stellantis has set requirements for the marketing operations teams to achieve the targeted objectives. 
The Company advertises its products and services in ways that are intended to follow regional 
regulations and encourage responsible behavior by encouraging its vehicle owners to operate their 
vehicle in a safe and efficient manner, notably in terms of fuel economy, CO2 emissions, and respecting 
the safety rules of the road. 
Company’s public position
Stellantis perceives Marketing’s role as an opportunity to innovate, create competitive advantages, and 
to inform and educate consumers in their choices and actions. With the Company outlining the north 
star for fair, data-driven marketing practices, we see this as the key competitive edge in the current 
trust revolution where consumers want to be recognized, treated uniquely, and have their personal 
information protected and handled carefully. Limitations on advertising might have an impact on sales 
of new vehicles, with advertising being a market animation tool.
Stellantis’ brands, through their engagement with local and national advertiser associations, look for 
opportunities to participate in workshops on legal developments, such as environmental requirements 
in advertising, right for customers to refuse to be contacted by brands, etc. These workshops also 
provide insight to external stakeholders’ expectations in terms of responsible communications and 
marketing to eliminate misleading advertising and unfair competition in the field of commercial 
communications. 
5.3.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS   GRI 3-3  GRI 417-2  GRI 417-3
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #13 Responsible information to customers
VISION/AMBITION: Provide accurate and comprehensive information to consumers through responsible marketing practices in all mass market communications, and engage them with direct communication 
only when consumers request it
OWNER: Chief Sales & Marketing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2022) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Number of convictions of non-
compliance concerning: 
 ▪ product and service information 
and labeling 
 ▪ marketing communications
Zero convictions 
Worldwide
Zero convictions 
Worldwide
Zero convictions 
Worldwide
No material convictions 
noticed
In 2022, Stellantis was found 
liable in two material matters 
that involved marketing or 
labeling issues, in the U.S. 
and Korea. See “FY 2022 
MANAGEMENT REPORT – 
Stellantis Overview – Legal 
Proceedings – Emissions 
Matters” for a description of 
these two matters
No material convictions 
noticed
194


Page 195:
5.3.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES   
GRI 3-3
The Company’s continued success is dependent on having a deep understanding of our customers, 
while taking into account the challenges and opportunities in address changing consumer expectations 
and emerging trends by offering an attractive portfolio of products. 
5.3.3.1 Risks
The marketing practices are designed to reduce and mitigate risks the Company might be facing:
 ■ Customer perceptions of a brand’s actions with respect to the environment and sustainability may 
not fully reflect the reality of the progress the brand has made. Brands risk losing customers to 
competitors if they don’t guide them along their sustainability journey. 
 ■ Stellantis brands have a responsibility to publicly share their environmental sustainment progress 
and commitments. Commitments are shared primarily via regional communications. However, the 
Jeep Brand has held global press events due to their global footprint 
 ■ In addition, our business operations and reputation may be impacted by various types of claims, 
lawsuits, and other contingencies in case of noncompliance which could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 ■ With global access to digital marketing assets, the Company can be also exposed to fines if some 
assets from other countries are accessible and non-compliant with local regulations.
5.3.3.2 Opportunities
Responsible marketing practices open opportunities for Stellantis:
 ■ communication recognized as responsible, transparent and easy to access (making content available 
to all), allowing customers to be more aware when choosing a product (products and services), 
contributes to differentiating the Company’s products and encourages customer loyalty
 ■ marketing teams leverage their expertise to define brand strategies and implement plans that 
answer questions also related to environmental and societal challenges including transparency, 
responsiveness and diversity. An effective brand strategy and a clear set of brand values helps 
brand management teams capture market opportunities, implement long-term visions and support 
Stellantis’ contribution to shape a more sustainable future
 ■ a fair brand enhances a company’s reputation while any unfair behavior can affect corporate 
intangible assets. Fair branding provides Stellantis with a differential advantage as a growing 
number of consumers become more conscious. 
5.3.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES  
TO LEAD ACTIONS   GRI 2-26  GRI 3-3
The Chief Sales & Marketing Officer, who is a member of the Top Executive Team and reports directly to 
the CEO, is responsible for a Stellantis common marketing strategy supported by CEOs of the brands, 
tasked with all aspects of brand strategy mission, development and positioning. Each brand has its 
own market share targets, brand image objectives and positioning, and is linked to the corporate values 
by a common marketing strategy.
Stellantis offers a wide spectrum of choice from luxury, premium, and mainstream passenger 
vehicles to pickup trucks, SUVs and light commercial vehicles, as well as dedicated mobility, financial 
and parts and service brands. 
The focus of the Marketing and Communications organizations is to increase the value of the brands 
through the development of a strategic vision for the business, on-brand marketing materials, and 
consumer facing communications that intend to excite and create demand for our brands and products, 
realize relevant synergies and share best practices. 
Being aware that an effective brand strategy and a clear set of brand values can support the Company 
to implement corporate long-term visions, the Chief Sales and Marketing Officer leverages its internal 
committees such as the Monthly Global Sales and Marketing Committee and the Brand Committee to 
coordinate marketing strategies, define priorities, ensure consistency and alignment with corporate 
values and implementation of responsible practices across regions. 
The fulfillment of each brand strategy needs the alignment of all brand employees, as their individual 
commitment drives the performance of a model and/or country, efficiency of processes and sales volumes.
 
The focus of the Marketing and Communications organizations 
is to increase the value of the brands through the development 
of a strategic vision for the business
 
5.3.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY  GRI 3-3
Aware of the social role that advertising plays, the Company has adopted customer-centric positive 
values, a responsible approach to communication and a sense of care towards future generations. In 
June 2022, Stellantis has made public its first Responsible Marketing, Advertising and Communication 
Guidelines available on the Company’s website at (Corporate Regulations | Stellantis) 24 which clearly 
define the commitment to integrity and compliance in its communication and advertising. 
These guidelines have been developed:
 ■ to set and maintain standards of honesty, truth, accuracy and fairness in communication
 ■ to provide the criteria for responsible and sustainable advertising, marketing and communication
 ■ to form a basis upon which Stellantis’ communication is evaluated in response to stakeholders’ request.
The purpose of these Guidelines is to apply Stellantis’ societal and environmental requirements to all 
forms of public communication and to take into account both:
 ■ national regulations in countries where Stellantis operates
 ■ the International Commercial Chamber Advertising and Marketing Code Reference document: ICC 
Code of Advertising and Commercial Communication Practices (2018, 10th revision), which consists 
of a globally applicable and recognized self-regulatory framework.
24 https://www.stellantis.com/en/company/governance/corporate-regulations
195


Page 196:
On the basis of its Responsible Marketing, Advertising and Communication Guidelines, Stellantis is 
committed to integrity and compliance in its communication and advertising, and aims at meeting 
three key principles:
1. All communication should be designed keeping in mind our societal responsibility, outlined in detail 
in  5.3.7  below, by:
 ● respecting human dignity and encouraging diversity
 ● respecting Stellantis’social commitments 
 ● not condoning any form of discrimination
 ● not inciting drivers to act violently or endanger other road users
 ● being honest and truthful
2. All communication should be designed keeping in mind Stellantis’ environmental responsibility, by:
 ● presenting environmental expressions in an honest and truthful way, respectful of country 
regulation concerning advertising films involving vehicles
 ● monitoring that supplier communications adhere to Stellantis’ environmental and social 
requirements.
3. All communication should be designed keeping in mind the potential financial impact on the 
customer, by:
 ● communicating commercial offers clearly and honestly 
 ● not minimizing the importance of the financial commitment concerning lease or purchase 
financing offers. 
Stellantis aspires to:
 ■ provide accurate and comprehensive information through responsible marketing practices in all 
mass-market consumer communications. This commitment concerns all public-aimed advertising or 
communication broadcast on traditional media channels (TV, radio, billboard, press, etc.) and digital 
platforms (websites, social media, emailing, mobile applications, online games, direct marketing, etc.) 
as well as commercial messages of any kind whether in print, sales promotion and merchandising 
materials
 ■ honestly and clearly communicate with customers regarding environmental responsibility, allowing 
them to identify the most efficient vehicle choice in terms of emissions reduction 
 ■ ensure statements and representations in advertising comply with all relevant laws and regulations 
in the local country. 
 ■ design processes to help advertising, marketing and media communications be truthful and reflect 
the Company’s fair sense of social and environmental responsibility contributing to the development 
of the next urban landscape (e.g., Citroën oli [all-ë] concept 25).
25 https://www.citroen.co.uk/about-citroen/concept-cars/citroen-oli.html
5.3.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES  GRI 3-3
Stellantis and its brands’ public-aimed communication and marketing are aligned with its corporate 
positive values and with best marketing practices as outlined in its Responsible Marketing, Advertising 
and Communication Guidelines. 
These Guidelines are published publically on the Stellantis corporate website and implemented by the 
Stellantis relevant functions (e.g., Marketing, Advertising, Communications Departments) as well as by 
agencies and suppliers on a global scope both as part of a supplier onboarding package and available 
on Stellantis supplier web portals. 
Each Stellantis department proposing an advertisement has the responsibility to ensure compliance. 
Specific organizations are involved with the development and review of advertising, marketing and 
other media communications, such as the Legal Department and Vehicle Safety and Regulatory Affairs, 
to assure that any statements and representations made in advertising are accurate and properly 
substantiated. Special attention is paid to environmentally-focused messaging to ensure there is no 
misperception of “greenwashing” by following local communication guidelines, such as the Federal 
Trade Commission (FTC) Green Guides in the United States.
Many of the Company’s brands also interact with advertising regulation agencies. For example, in 
Europe some brands submit advertising communications to national advertising regulation agencies 
and/or their legal departments. In France, the Autorité de Régulation Professionnelle de la Publicité 
(ARPP) controls TV commercials, in order to ensure notably that their content complies with the local 
advertising regulations and does not contain stereotypes. Peugeot and DS French marketing teams 
renewed their commitment to apply the Union des Marques (UDM) FAIRe program for responsible 
communications for a third year in 2023 to valorize our commitment to this effort.
Training on responsible marketing practices and responsible use of social media 
A global curriculum was engaged in 2022 to create training materials for marketing, sales and public 
relations professionals on the requirements communication in the Stellantis Responsible Advertising, 
Marketing and Communication guidelines.
In addition, Stellantis legal team strives to support local teams to limit the risk of convictions for 
infringement to marketing and advertising regulations. For example, in 2023, French internal legal 
team handled training sessions on general advertising regulation and specific new rules enforced and 
applicable to vehicle sector for internal concerned employees. Similar training was previously held in 
Italy, Poland and Belgium and will be instituted in additional markets in 2024.
196


Page 197:
5.3.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS  GRI 3-3
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF ELECTRIFICATION AND SOFTWARE STRATEGY 
During a corporate strategy presentation held on March 1, 2022, Stellantis unveiled 
Dare Forward 2030, a bold strategic plan for the coming decade, that will aim to drive 
Stellantis employees to be ‘second to none’ in value creation for all stakeholders. 
Stellantis has set ambitious targets to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate 
change, aiming to reach carbon net zero emissions by 203826. 
Within this presentation, Stellantis reiterated their focus on “customer first” programs, 
which include clear and responsible communication practices. Carlos Tavares stated “The 
customer is at the heart of everything we do. We aim to be No. 1 in customer satisfaction for 
our products and services in every market. We will pay exceptional attention to the full  
end-to-end experience, working to eliminate any friction throughout the value chain.” 27
The Dare Forward 2030 program also highlighted the current and future importance of 
selling vehicles online. Stellantis plans to reach one-third of global sales online in 2030 
and launch a global digital marketplace offering customers a seamless journey through 
the entire Stellantis galaxy of products and services. The e-commerce buying process 
will be clearly and directly communicated to customers with pricing transparency.  
E-COMMERCE IS OUR MOTTO
2021
100k
till 2024
2x
each year
2030
1/3
online sales
Dare Forward 2030 builds on the value shared during EV and Software strategy announcements in 2021. 
During the EV Day held on July 8, 2021, Stellantis presented a comprehensive electrification strategy 
delivering class-leading vehicles for the Company’s iconic brands, partnerships and joint ventures for 
advanced technology at affordable prices.
26 With single-digit compensation of remaining emissions in 2038
27 A replay of the video presentation can be found at https://channel.royalcast.com/stellantis-en/#!/stellantis-
en/20220301_1
“The customer is always at the heart of Stellantis and our commitment with this €30 billion plus 
investment plan is to offer iconic vehicles that have the performance, capability, style, comfort and 
electric range that fit seamlessly into their daily lives,” said on that day Carlos Tavares, Chief Executive 
Officer, Stellantis.
In line with this announcement, on December 7, 2021, Stellantis unveiled its software strategy to shift 
to a mobility tech company, confirming that each of Stellantis’ brands are focused on using software to 
the benefit of its customers 28. 
STELLANTIS AUTOMOTIVE BRANDS’ATTRIBUTES 
Granturismo LUXURY
Sportiness
Art of Travel
Eleganza
PREMIUM
Freedom
GLOBAL 
SPORT 
UTILITY
Muscle
Courage
Ingenious
AMERICAN 
ROOTED 
BRANDS
Allure
German 
Energy
Dolce Vita
Care
EUROPEAN 
ROOTED 
BRANDS
Affordability is a priority at Stellantis, as the Company is targeting for the total cost of ownership 
of EVs to be equivalent to internal combustion engine vehicles by 2026. Each of the Company’s 14 
brands is committed to offering fully electrified solutions and doing so in a way that enhances the 
DNA of our brands.
To leverage this, Stellantis and its brands’ public-aimed communication and marketing are aligned 
with its corporate positive values and with its Responsible Advertising, Marketing and Communication 
Guidelines which also promote honesty, truth, accuracy and fairness in communication, respect for 
Stellantis environmental and social requirements.
28 A replay of the 2021 EV strategy content can be found at https://evday2021.webstream.fr/vod/ and the 2021 
Software strategy content can be found at https://channel.royalcast.com/stellantis-en/#!/stellantis-en/20211207_1
197


Page 198:
Labelling and information provided to customers
To improve vehicle purchase information, a fuel-efficiency label is displayed in North America, Brazil, 
Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan for each model’s average fuel consumption and CO2 emissions, 
in line with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Those labels allow to identify the most 
efficient vehicles in terms of fuel consumption and emissions reduction.
Respecting human dignity and encouraging diversity and not condoning any form of 
discrimination
Stellantis and its brands analyze their communications to avoid offending the sensibilities, 
undermining a person’s dignity and decency, degrading or humiliating representation of any person, 
paying attention to stereotypes that could diminish any person, regardless of gender and avoiding 
to portray people as an object. 
On this respect, some campaigns created in Europe go through a regulatory clearance via bodies such 
as Autorité de Régulation Professionnelle de la Publicité (ARPP, France) or Clearcast (UK) whereas 
some campaigns created in North America are validated by a specific consultant agency, specialized in 
these topics. 
Clearcast (UK) review aligns with the “UK Code of non-broadcast and direct and promotion marketing” 
ensuring compliance with local regulations, promoting protection of vulnerable audience segments and 
restricting misleading communications. 
North American brands partner work with an expert media agency serving as a consultant to ensure 
their general market advertising does not include stereotypes and is respectful to people of color.
This same commitment has been implemented through the Citroën C3 advertising campaigns and the 
Ram Truck campaigns.
Many Stellantis brands also support and represent audiences with diverse abilities in their communications. 
 ■ In 2023, the Chrysler brand announced a new partnership with Autism Society of America to support 
the needs of travelers with autism. Chrysler will work with the Autism Society to identify additional 
areas where brand can support and affect change in autism community, including by creating a 
personalized dealership customer experience for people with autism and their loved ones 29. 
 ■ At the 2023 Paris Autonomic trade fair, Citroën presents “Ami for All”, a Citroën Ami project specially 
designed to offer a solution for persons with disabilities who have lost the use of one or both lower 
limbs. The ambition of “Ami for All” is to restore autonomy to those who have lost it, with a compact 
electric mobility solution that is easy to drive and in which a wheelchair can be stored. A prototype 
developed in collaboration with PIMAS, a company specialized in conversions for Persons with 
Reduced Mobility, the unique project “Ami for All” incorporates functional mechanical adaptations 
that allow people to access on-board, store a wheelchair and drive with ease.
29 https://media.stellantisnorthamerica.com/newsrelease.do?id=24779&mid=3
Considering and Including all Audiences
Our brands aim to add subtitling for main advertising campaigns whenever possible. Online material 
for U.S. websites and video content are designed to meet the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) 
compliance standards. 
SignLive and Citroën
Since 2021, Citroën UK has partnered with SignLive, the leading British Sign Language (BSL) online 
video interpreting service, to offer customers the ability to communicate with its Citroën retail and 
aftermarket network using British Sign Language (BSL). 
 There are 11 million deaf and hard of hearing people in the UK, and over 150,000 BSL users – Citroën UK 
is aware that English is not the only language for many of its customers.  C itroën UK pledges to enhance 
accessibility for the deaf community across its business as part of its ”The French Car that Speaks your 
Language” initiative, including across advertising. More information is available at www.citroen.co.uk/
signlive.  In addition, Stellantis commits to gender and sexual orientation equality through targeted and 
mass market brand communications aligning with each brand’s core values. 
All North American brands have created “Pride” merchandise lines to appeal to LGBTQTIA+ audiences 
and the Jeep Brand created brand activations at the Detroit, Chicago and Toledo Pride events in 2023. 
Representing and promoting responsible environmental and road safety behaviors
Our responsibility as a Company is to create sustainable and shared value for our stakeholders.  
Our customers, employees, investors, suppliers and communities expect us to make a positive 
contribution to the economy, society and the environment. Exchanges with our stakeholders and social 
groups improve mutual understanding and our ability to anticipate risks and identify opportunities for 
value creation, key elements of the Stellantis approach.
Stellantis and its brands inform their stakeholders about the environmental and social impact of their 
products/services and educate them to encourage a responsible use. 
Advertising Formats
We prioritize digital advertising formats respecting user's comfort in accordance with the available 
reference sources, whether they be Coalition for Better Ads Standards, Digital Ad Trust or best practices 
encouraged within this field depending on the region we operate in North American and European 
media partners adhere to Coalition for Better Ads Standards, hence actively encouraging our service 
and media providers to use these more often.
Moreover, some Stellantis brands have specific environmental visions and some communicate towards 
their goals and achievements on their own websites 30 or through some specific initiatives.
30 Such as https://www.peugeot.co.uk/about-us/environment/sustainability.html
198


Page 199:
Thus:
The Tamar Project 
The Tamar Project has been working for over 40 years in the preservation of sea turtles present in 
several locations along the Brazilian coast. A connection between the Tamar Project and Jeep began in 
1982, when the first researchers already used models of the brand, which guaranteed that they could 
get anywhere, facing the challenges of trails and roads, to collect and release baby turtles into the sea 
after failing to reach the surface upon leaving the nest. 
Since early 2018, this Jeep and Tamar Project partnership became a reality with the availability of Jeep 
4x4 models for the project 31.
Under the Pole & PEUGEOT 
In 2023, PEUGEOT became an Official Partner of the UNDER THE POLE underwater exploration 
program, which combines innovative expeditions around the world, scientific research and awareness, 
to contribute to better knowledge and preservation of the oceans. PEUGEOT and UNDER THE 
POLE share a common vision which places research and technological innovation at the service of 
environmental protection 32.
This is also the case through our circular economy initiatives, but also regarding the daily use of our 
products and services. 
Daily use of our product and service 
Brands also strive to promote responsible behaviors through their online (websites, apps, etc.) and 
offline (TVCs, print, etc.) communication tools. This is made possible in advertising through complying 
with the local traffic regulations, ensuring diversity is of the essence and promoting the adoption 
of new energies as a better environmental choice. Surveys provide the opportunity to measure the 
impacts and gain insight on the perception of the brands and their messages. In the U.S., many aspects 
are evaluated such as trust, responsibility, safety, environmental friendliness, among other elements. 
Utilizing survey data helps with developing and refining the strategy to manage the brands.
The MyDS services 
MyDS app is the key to the world of DS. It connects the driver and her/his car before, during and after 
every journey, through features. For instance, the Connected Navigation Pack helps planning a route 
when the user is away from its DS and then, to send it to the car’s screen. Remote Control allows the 
user to lock and unlock its DS vehicle without key, simply by using MyDS app. This app also provides an 
access to DS Only You, a suite of bespoke services designed to make living with one’s car effortless and 
enjoyable. In addition, for DS electric vehicles, E-TENSE Remote Control allows the user to manage the 
electric charging and to set the temperature inside her/his car. MyDS app, available for all DS vehicles, 
can be downloaded on all smartphones.
31 https://www.media.stellantis.com/br-pt/jeep/press/jeep-reforca-apoio-ao-projeto-tamar-com-renovacao-de-
frota-de-veiculos
32 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/peugeot/press/peugeot-becomes-a-partner-of-french-under-the-
pole-submarine-expeditions
Citroën Advisor
Part of the Citroën Citizen Services®, Citroën Advisor is Citroën’s online review site launched in 2016 
where customers can give their opinion on the service they received at the point of sale (Advisor 
Dealer), the product purchased (Advisor Product) or the salesman (Advisor Salesmen). At the end of 
2023, more than 600,000 reviews have already been posted by Citroën customers all over the world. 
 
>600,000 reviews
at the end of 2023
Circular economy
In addition to direct promotion of spare parts from reused and remanufactured spare parts in the 
garages, circular economy initiatives are promoted in some regions on social media 33 across Stellantis 
brands to inform consumers and increase their awareness.
Thus, since 2022, as a committed player in the energy transition, Citroën launched «Citroën Citizen 
Services®» a federative program bringing together a portfolio of services under a single label, to offer 
responsible mobility designed to be easy to use, in line with the challenges of our society. A part of 
“Citroën Citizen Services®” facilitates the accessibility in the maintenance of its vehicle whatever its 
age, with easy access to original spare parts from End-of-Life vehicle. Thanks to the deployment of 
a dedicated website, customers are able to search for and acquire the parts they need, which will be 
delivered to their home. This easy and economical solution encourages consumers to keep longer their 
vehicle in good condition by changing parts at a lower cost. They benefit from a purchase price up to 
70% lower than the price of the new part and thus contribute to the increase of the recycling rate by 
using second-hand parts.
In addition, Citroën offers customers of electric models the option of a Sustainable Service Contract 
that includes the use of recycled or remanufactured parts approved by the manufacturer, whenever 
possible. This will maximize the use of circular economy parts and reduce the carbon footprint of 
vehicle maintenance.
End of life recycling
Stellantis and Galloo Joint Venture for End-of-Life Vehicle (ELV) management
This joint venture will manage End-of-Life Vehicles for Stellantis and other automakers. The JV, named 
SUSTAINera Valorauto SAS, operates in France, Belgium and Luxembourg, and is intended to be 
extended in other countries following the regulation requirements.
The car recycling service dedicated to B2B has been launched in November 2023 while the one 
dedicated to the B2C has been launched early 2024 34.
33 https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=2973548449593123
34 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/valorauto-the-automotive-
recycling-solution-opens-up-to-private-owners-in-france-belgium-and-luxembourg
199


Page 200:
Environmental and Social internal levers to limit the environmental and social impact of our 
communication materials
Stellantis has defined a set of environmental and social criteria that applies to its printed documents, point 
of sale advertising, stands and events. We are working hard towards applying these criteria worldwide. 
As an example, in Europe, we aim at using the European Programme for Certified Forests (PEFC 35) 
or Forest Stewardship Council (FSC 36) paper for recurrent and unavoidable publications and print 
only the number of copies required. Our printers have “Imprim’vert” or “Imprim’Lux” certification which 
testifies that they sort and recycle all their printing waste and inks. 
In France, we are a member of Citeo (recycling company mandated by the French Government): it means 
that our Citeo contribution is given to local authorities to support their paper sorting and collection 
systems. In various regions of the world, our brands have either stopped printing most commercial and 
marketing documentation altogether for several years or have strongly shifted towards e-catalogs and 
documentation since 2021.
Responsible events policy 
Our motor show strategy has strongly evolved recently: 
 ■ many motor shows were cancelled since 2020 due to COVID-19 situation
 ■ many brands renewed their brand identity since 2020 leading automatically to a lower % of reuse 
with an additional creation/investment of new material
 ■ since the merger in 2021, Stellantis’ motor show strategy has been revised to concentrate participation 
in less motor shows with strong ROI, reducing the total number of participation and initial % of re-
use planned.
For the 2023 Brussels Motor Show, Stellantis applied the frame contract signed in 2017 with selected 
suppliers who are committed to reducing the environmental impact of their stands (choice of materials 
used, recycling and reuse); use wood which comes entirely from sustainably-managed forests and 
recycle 100% of the waste from the production/demolition of the stands (wood and other materials to 
be recycled separately); with reuse of the stand components parts for other shows (floors, partitions, 
screens, furniture, etc.).
OPEL at the 2023 IAA Mobility
 The Opel booth comprises semi-transparent materials and large format screens that greet visitors 
and symbolise the evolution of the brand’s corporate identity. The use of screens as partition walls 
underlines the “Detox” concept of the Opel presence. Visitors to the Opel booth will not find any 
oversized structure that looks out of place in the surroundings. Instead, the forward-looking Opel 
appearance blends harmoniously with the city setting. The booth concept has also been designed with 
a circular economy in mind. Many components can be reused and recycled. The screens can be used 
again for future trade fairs or events. LED technology reduces power consumption, and the floors are 
made of recyclable material.
35 https://www.pefc.org/
36 https://fsc.org/
Joint communication initiatives of brands
Stellantis brands consider organizing joint international press events when they have new models 
in common, e.g. Light Commercial Vehicles, to make better use of resources and to optimize media 
time and attendance. In June 2022, joint press test drives were organized for Peugeot e-EXPERT 
HYDROGEN, Citroën ë-JUMPY HYDROGEN and Opel VIVARO-e HYDROGEN in Rüsselsheim and the 
Rhine-Main region (Germany). 
Reasoned audiovisual productions 
Stellantis has committed to using local in-house teams or hiring production teams in the country where 
the video or photo shoots take place, whenever possible. Local and regional photo and video shootings 
are also encouraged as standard. Responsible practices are also required through the production briefs 
issued by Stellantis or its brands to their agencies.
STELLANTIS maintains control over the distribution of its communication and uses the 
data responsively.
Controlled Broadcasting of Advertisements
Stellantis and its brands control their communication broadcasting through processes in place and 
audience strategies, in partnership with their advertising and media agencies. The Stellantis Responsible 
Purchasing Guidelines, revised in 2022, includes a clause requiring suppliers to comply with the laws 
and regulations in force in all countries in which they operate. 
Volume of Requests and Personal Data
Stellantis and its brands are careful to limit too numerous or inappropriate requests towards its 
audiences and make a proper use of personal data collected, through well-established standard 
processes and policies in line with applicable laws and regulations  5.2 . 
All U.S. brand eMail communications are designed to be CAN SPAM compliant, allowing customers 
to select the customer preference center where they can opt out of communications. Additionally, all 
customer data is stored in a secure environment that is monitored regularly.
Environmental and Social Commitments from Partners
Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines revised in 2022 include environmental and social criteria 
as supplier selection and retention in the Stellantis Supplier panel is guided by Corporate and Social 
Responsibility (CSR) criteria. 
Transparency, Truthfulness and Accountability in Calls for Tenders
We strive to uphold the principles of transparency, truthfulness and accountability in calls for tenders. 
On top of this, our Code of Conduct, which can be accessed by all employees, includes a transparency, 
integrity and loyalty rule for relationships with suppliers and service providers.
More specifically, all Company employees must refrain from any anti-competitive practices.
200


Page 201:
6 PROMOTING PROTECTION AND IMPLEMENTING 
RESPONSIBLE USE OF NATURAL RESOURCES
6.1 WISE USE OF MATERIALS IN THE VEHICLE  
LIFE CYCLE (INCLUDING PRODUCT RECYCLING) 20 3
6.1.1 Context and Stellantis position 20 3
6.1.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 20 4
6.1.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 205
6.1.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 206
6.1.5 Policies to execute the strategy  208
6.1.6 Organization and resources 211
6.1.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results  211
6.1.8 Detailed key performance indicators  218
6.2 VEHICLE IMPACT ON AIR QUALITY 220
6.2.1 Context and Stellantis position  220
6.2.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 220
6.2.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 221
6.2.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 222
6.2.5 Policies to execute the strategy  223
6.2.6 Organization and resources 223
6.2.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results 223
6.3 INDUSTRIAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
FOOTPRINT 224
6.3.1 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions 224
6.3.2 Policies to execute the strategy  224
6.3.3 Organization and resources 225
6.4 OPTIMIZATION OF MATERIAL CYCLES IN MANU- 
FACTURING PROCESSES (INCLUDING WASTE) 225
6.4.1 Context and Stellantis position 225
6.4.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  226
6.4.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  226
6.4.4 Main initiatives, achievements and results 227
6.4.5 Detailed key performance indicators  23 0
6.5 CONTROL OF INDUSTRIAL DISCHARGES  
AND NUISANCES  232
6.5.1 Context and Stellantis position 23 2
6.5.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 23 3
6.5.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 23 3
6.5.4 Main initiatives, achievements and results 23 4
6.5.5 Detailed key performance indicators 23 5
6.6 SUSTAINABLE WATER MANAGEMENT  
IN MANUFACTURING  236
6.6.1 Context and Stellantis position 23 6
6.6.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 23 7
6.6.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 23 7
6.6.4 Main initiatives, achievements and results  238
6.6.5 Detailed key performance indicators  24 0
6.7 PROTECTION OF BIODIVERSITY 244
6.7.1 Context and Stellantis position 244
6.7.2 Forward-looking vision and targets  24 5
6.7.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 24 5
6.7.4 Main initiatives, achievements and results 24 6
6.7.5 Detailed key performance indicators  24 8
201


Page 202:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK/PILLAR V. PROMOTING PROTECTION AND 
IMPLEMENTING RESPONSIBLE USE OF NATURAL RESOURCE
The global economy is facing the challenges of increasing scarcity and an over-use of natural 
resources (water, minerals, raw materials, rare earths, etc.) combined with their geographical 
concentration. The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals confirm the urge to find 
solutions both for the environment and political stability, which are key levers of sustainability for 
companies like Stellantis.
In this context of scarcity of natural resources, preserving them, including the quality of the air, a 
precious natural resource on which human health depends, and reducing our dependence on 
water and raw materials are both a question of environmental responsibility and of sustainability 
for businesses. Automakers need to rethink the materials adopted in mobility devices and their 
production processes.
In order to save resources while providing new sources of employment and of income, Stellantis is 
strengthening the sustainable and circular economy approach by creating a dedicated Circular Economy 
business unit: it is naturally part of the Care pillar as well as one of the seven accretive business 
announced during the Company’s Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan in March 2022. The commitment 
to sustainability covers different activities such as conducting Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) studies on 
vehicles, deploying engineering research and development around new more sustainable materials, 
the recovery of parts and materials and improving manufacturing processes. Stellantis strives to 
improve the performance of our factories by reducing water consumption, managing the quantity and 
disposal of waste and other impacts generated by production, while integrating the need to protect the 
biodiversity of the surrounding areas. We design vehicles with the goal to reduce the environmental 
impact including when the vehicle has reached the end of its useful life 1. 
6.1 WISE USE OF MATERIALS IN THE  
VEHICLE LIFE CYCLE (INCLUDING  
PRODUCT RECYCLING) 
GRI 3-3
6.1.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION
CSR issue/challenge #14 Wise use of material in the vehicle life cycle (including product 
recycling)
The conditions of access to resources will become more complex in the decades to come. The world's 
population reached eight billion as per the latest UN report (World Population Prospects 2022: 
Summary of Results 2), with a high aspiration to consume more. 
1 Dare Forward https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/march/dare-forward-2030-stellantis-
blueprint-for-cutting-edge-freedom-of-mobility
2 un.org
The OECD estimates that by 2060 the average income might be equivalent to that of today's 
richest countries (Global Material Resources Outlook to 2060: Economic Drivers and Environmental 
Consequences | en | OECD 3), which will result in the doubling of the use of raw materials to meet this 
growth, exerting even more pressure on the environment. Recent geopolitical conditions, referring to 
the Ukrainian conflict also demonstrates the interdependence of countries on resources.
Stellantis is committed to changing the consumption model and the way products are designed 
within a circular economy approach. The principles of circular economy are embedded into Stellantis’ 
business model, focusing on extending the lifespan of products and reducing the use of natural 
resources starting from the production process, to the end of vehicle life, by reusing materials and 
returning waste and materials into the production loop. Stellantis is developing ways to increase the 
use of renewable and recycled materials for new vehicles and to extend the aftersales offer of reused, 
repaired and remanufactured parts with new product lines and in new regions. We are committed 
to processing End-of-Life products and vehicles in a responsible manner including batteries from 
electrified vehicles. 
We are working to overcome the use of hazardous substances targeted by regulations such as EU 
REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals). We are also working 
to find alternatives for the use of rare and precious resources which are often indispensable for 
nanotechnologies. In some cases, these materials are required for connected vehicles and technologies 
making them dependent on their availability. 
Company’s public position 
Stellantis promotes the repair of its products and, as such, develops a range of remanufactured 
spare parts, and offers second-hand parts and a spare parts repair service. Through its action within 
associations Stellantis supports the development of a harmonized methodology for measuring the rate 
of incorporation of recycled and natural materials.
Stellantis promotes the adoption of best practices by EU Member States to implement the EU Directive 
on the treatment of End-of-Life Vehicles (ELVs). It advocates for a higher output (ELV pollution and 
dismantling parts, shredding, post-shredding, and recycling materials) of the recycling industry and its 
professionalization. By incorporating efficient processes to recover quality materials for new battery 
development, Stellantis is actively working on future solutions for End-of-Life batteries and complying 
with responsible materials sourcing rules  7.1.1  in the global battery value chain.
3 https://www.oecd.org/publications/global-material-resources-outlook-to-2060-9789264307452-en.htm
202


Page 203:
6.1.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #14 Wise use of material in the vehicle life cycle (including product recycling)
VISION/AMBITION: Wise use of material in the vehicle life cycle (including product recycling) is innovative with eco-design and leverage End-of-Life opportunities in a circular economy approach to reduce the 
use of natural resources and the environmental impact to the lowest possible level
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Percentage of Green Materials 
(includes renewable and recycled 
content with lower carbon 
footprint materials) on total 
vehicle weight
Launch the first vehicles 
containing 25% of Green 
Materials
Launch the first vehicles 
containing 40% of Green 
Materials
Continue to reinforce 
Green Materials content 
in the future vehicles
Green Materials applied on 
vehicles in major regions
Application of Green 
Materials in vehicles 
launched in 2022 according 
to Stellantis roadmap for 
2030
Green Materials applied 
on all vehicles  launched 
in 2023 in the different 
regions according to 
Stellantis roadmap for 
2030
Availability of solutions to optimize 
High-Voltage Batteries lifespan 
and End-of-Life  through Repair, 
Remanufacturing, Second-Life, 
Recycling
At least one solution is 
implemented for each 
High-Voltage Battery 
sold in EU, NA, China
At least one solution is 
implemented for each 
High-Voltage Battery in 
all countries where EVs 
are sold
All solutions 
implemented in all 
countries where EVs are 
sold
Repair Solution launched in 
France and Germany
Reman Solution in Europe 
and North America
Second-Life process in place 
one in Europe and one in 
North America
Recycling process in place in 
Europe, North America and 
China
Solutions implemented per 
Region: EE: 4; NA: 3; SA:1; 
MEA:1 IAP:1; China:1
 ▪ E-Repair Services available 
in France, Germany, Israel, 
Japan and South Korea.
 ▪ Increased Reman batteries 
types for BEV vehicles, 
including the Maserati EV 
platform.
 ▪ Second-life pilots in 
Enlarged Europe and 
North America
 ▪ Recycling process available 
in main EV sales countries
Solutions implemented per 
Region: EE: 4; NA: 3; SA:1; 
MEA:2 IAP:2; China:1
 ▪ E-Repair Services has 
been enlarged to 24 
locations available in 
Enlarged Europe, Israel, 
Japan and South Korea.
 ▪ Increased coverage of 
Reman batteries for PhEV 
vehicles
 ▪ Second-life projects in 
Enlarged Europe and 
North America
 ▪ Recycling process 
available in all Regions
203


Page 204:
6.1.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
The automotive industry is facing a transformation that is impacting several aspects of its business: 
the materials used to build a vehicle are a key issue OEMs need to tackle. Stellantis has identified four 
types of risks in this area and implemented mitigation measures which open the way to opportunities 
of gaining competitive advantages or creating new businesses.
RISK#1: SCARCITY OF CRITICAL MATERIALS
The limited availability of resources could generate scarcity of materials, included those critical. 
Stellantis defines the criticality of a material according to three criteria:
 ▪ use criticality: materials where there are currently no alternatives, that are used for special 
features and which are important for competitiveness 
 ▪ supply criticality/potential scarcity: limited global quantity or unreliable supply chains
 ▪ CSR criticality: the extraction or use of these materials is questionable from a CSR viewpoint such 
as environmental impact and breach of human rights.
Transition to electrified vehicles is generating need for new raw materials such as lithium, nickel and 
cobalt. Demand for the materials needed for nanotechnologies is greater than ever. Rare earths show 
tensions in their market. Some stages of the polymers production process show a high concentration 
among a small number of suppliers.
In order to mitigate the related impacts such as the increase in production costs, supply chain 
disruptions or delays and dependency following measures are implemented  6.1.7 : 
 ▪ limit and reduce the use of critical materials 
 ▪ identify and monitor materials considered as strategic
 ▪ develop alternative materials to substitute those critical materials
 ▪ sign contracts with critical material suppliers such as the lithium geothermal partners to secure 
supply contracts
 ▪ use LCA extensively to measure and reduce environmental impacts
In addition, in order to address the challenges of accessing sustainable raw materials, Stellantis 
partners with the European Raw Materials Alliance (ERMA) 4. Stellantis participates in a working 
group oriented on rare earths for electric engines used for permanent magnets. The other working 
group covers raw-materials for batteries.
Stellantis has launched several initiatives, which open technical and business opportunities:
 ▪ develop a dual chemistry strategy based on two nickel-based batteries from 2024  2.5.3.2.3 
 ▪ increase circular economy opportunities, using materials and designing components that are 
easier to recover and recycle at the end of their life, recycling materials that are becoming scarce 
and reusing them inside or outside the automotive sector  6.1.7 
 ▪ reuse or remanufacture or repair parts to reduce demand for new raw materials  6.1.7 
 ▪ use of Green Materials such as recycled or material of natural origin  6.1.7 .
4 https://erma.eu/
RISK#2: INCREASED REGULATIONS ON HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES
Regulatory requirements regarding the use of hazardous substances that can impact the 
environment together with the health and safety of customers and employees could increase in the 
future. 
In order to mitigate the related impacts such as costs of potential non-compliance as well as cost 
and availability of substitute materials, following measures are implemented  6.1.7 : 
 ▪ factor regulatory requirements regarding the use of hazardous substances into the phases of the 
vehicle life cycle 
 ▪ reduce and eliminate hazardous substances such as limiting Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) in 
the materials used and substituting some substances used as plasticizers or flame retardants that 
are targeted by regulations such as REACH 
 ▪ monitor traceability of regulated substances contained in vehicle parts and materials, notably by 
working closely with suppliers to achieve compliance of vehicles and parts sold.
Stellantis has launched several initiatives, which open technical opportunities:
 ▪ anticipate regulations by mastering impact of possible future changes
 ▪ improve cabin health and safety voluntarily introducing technical solutions such as filters for air 
flow  6.1.7 .
RISK#3: INCREASED REGULATION ON END-OF-LIFE PROCESSES
Changes in End-of-Life of Vehicles (ELV) regulations could affect the dismantling and recycling 
sector by adding additional requirements to the Authorized Treatment Facilities (ATFs), increasing 
the responsibility of the OEMs to manage the entire End-of-Life handling process. In some regions 
of the world such as the EU, South Korea and China, legislation requires producers to ensure 
recycling treatment at the End-of-Life of High-Voltage Batteries (HVB). 
The EU has initiated a review process which will increase producer’s obligations and generate the 
likely risk of surcharges. 
Under current market conditions, the value of reused and recycled materials recovered from an ELV 
covers all costs of related activities like collection, depollution and dismantling as well as treatment 
of remaining material streams.
Impacts resulting from the combination of cost increase and reduced revenues can be explained 
by the increase of producer’s obligations in the global ELV process. This trend is reinforced by the 
HVB End-of-Life treatment. The new EU Battery Regulation has been published (EU Regulation 
2023/1542 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2023 concerning batteries and 
waste batteries, amending Directive 2008/98/EC and Regulation (EU) 2019/1020 and repealing 
Directive 2006/66/EC) and countries outside the EU are considering similar approaches. This may 
lead to increased responsibility and costs on the End-of-Life treatment of batteries.
In order to mitigate these impacts, following measures are implemented: 
 ▪ use materials and design components that are compatible with the circular economy process, 
including the need to recover and recycle End-of-Life vehicles
 ▪ deploy responsible process of End-of-Life products specifically the vehicles and batteries from 
electrified vehicles  6.1.7 
 ▪ work with stakeholders and authorities to define optimized ELV and ELB (End-of-Life Batteries) 
management structure.
204


Page 205:
Stellantis has launched several initiatives, which open technical and business opportunities:
 ▪ develop a Circular Economy business unit to offer customers the option of reused parts coming 
from ELVs, generating additional revenues and economic balance of the process with new 
opportunities of savings thanks to materials recycling activities;
 ▪ participate in or acquire innovative startups such as Amanhã Global to manage the Reuse 
business and creating joint ventures such as SUSTAINera Valorauto SAS with Galloo to manage 
the ELVs and car recycling  6.1.7 
 ▪ reduce the variety of plastics to facilitate sorting after shredding and improve profitability;
 ▪ use a single family of plastics per core function so that an entire sub-assembly can be recycled 
without dismantling;
 ▪ mark plastic parts with standardized codes for identification, sorting and traceability;
 ▪ introduce Green Materials (recycled) into vehicle design to support the development of recycling 
opportunities  6.1.7 .
Specific impacts of new and upcoming regulations notably in EU and China might lead to increase 
the producers’ obligations and generate the likely risk of additional costs. To mitigate this risk, 
Stellantis is implementing measures to reduce logistics costs, extend the HVB lifespan before 
recycling through repair and remanufacturing or repurpose the HVB or its components for energy 
storage outside of the automotive sector with possible revenue generation. 
RISK#4: LOW ENVIRONMENTAL AND HUMAN RIGHTS RESPECT IN SUPPLY CHAIN 
DURING EXTRACTION PHASE OF SOME MINERALS
Some raw materials or minerals could come from a region of the world where environmental and 
social regulations are not aligned with the Company’s values and standards or where conflicts are 
open (tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold - also known as 3TG - are “conflict minerals” for which the 
mining can provide a source of funding for war).
Companies are working to meet growing expectations of stakeholders (including shareholders, 
employees, customers and NGOs) to take responsibility for their supplier’s environmental and social 
practices.
In order to mitigate the related reputational or financial impacts in case of litigations, following 
measures are implemented: 
 ▪ implement a due diligence process which strives to use materials from responsible supply chains 
respecting human rights and the environment  7 
 ▪ implement tracking for Stellantis conflict mineral supplier submission status in accordance with 
the Stellantis Conflict Mineral program  7.1.2  Stellantis pays particular attention to the materials 
used in batteries for electrified vehicles through the supply chain and supports initiatives for 
innovative supplies of raw materials;
 ▪ develop partnerships such as the European Raw Materials Alliance (ERMA)  6.1.7 .
NANOTECHNOLOGIES IN THE AUTOMOTIVE SECTOR
Nanotechnologies are a relevant illustration of the combination of those risks while 
demand for the materials they require is greater than ever in the context of the increased 
appetite for connected objects. This trend also affects the automotive industry. Metals 
used to support nanotechnologies experience market tensions and are increasingly 
harder to mine: the metal content of the ore is decreasing, while mines currently 
operated show lower concentrations which implies more and more processing. Stellantis 
is focused on limiting and reducing the use of these metals and increasing the recovery 
during the recycling phase.
6.1.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS
A materials strategy monitored at Strategy Council level
The Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan has identified the following stakes linked to raw materials: 
 ■ Carbon footprint: need to develop and secure the supply of Advanced Green Materials for 2038;
 ■ Circular economy: by Eco-Design, use recyclable & recycled raw materials in our products 
development, sustaining the 4R Strategy (Recycle, Repair, Reuse, Remanufacture);
 ■ Electrification: secure critical raw materials supply at the best cost to support Stellantis Electrification 
roll-out.
In 2023, it has been decided to create a holisticcomprehensive Sustainable Raw Material Division, 
to guarantee Stellantis supply with raw materials  underwhile meeting its social and environmental 
responsibilityresponsibilities and to drive theirthe disruptive transition to a zero carbon footprint.
In close collaboration with all the company’s stakeholders, the main tasks of this new division are:
 ■ Define short-, mid-, and long-term strategy for all commodities; 
 ■ Provide all internal stakeholders with the technical skills and expertise linked to raw materials 
extraction and refining processes and materials technical properties;
 ■ Ensure compliance with sustainability / policy guidelines and commitments: regulations compliance, 
ESG, recyclability, eco-design and disruptive reduction in raw materials carbon footprint.
A Circular Economy business unit 
In order to further master the wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle and reduce the environmental 
impact in terms of carbon footprint, Stellantis has created a business unit dedicated to circular 
economy. As one of the seven accretive business units outlined in Stellantis’ March 2022 Dare Forward 
2030 strategic plan, its aim is to build a sustainable and profitable business based on circular economy 
principles investigating and expanding opportunities in various areas such as the use of plant surplus 
(excess of parts and materials from factories), parts remanufacturing, repairing, reusing, End-of-Life 
vehicle management and materials’ recycling in a closed-loop process.
Throughout the full vehicle life cycle, we have developed a comprehensive 360-degree business based 
on the 4R Strategy (Remanufacturing, Repair, Reuse and Recycle) in order to extend products (parts, 
vehicles and HVBs) lifespan and reduce waste by returning material into the production loop.
205


Page 206:
Within the products life extension objective, we execute the strategy through Reman/Remanufacturing, 
Repair and Reuse. More specifically:
 ■ in Reman scope we remanufacture parts and HVBs: used, worn and defective parts are recovered, 
dismantled, cleaned and remanufactured to OEM specifications, same performance and warranty as 
original parts; 
 ■ in Repair scope we:
 ● repair multi-brands parts: worn parts removed from a customer’s vehicle, repaired and returned 
to be refitted to the same vehicle (for example electronic parts, gearboxes and traction batteries 
as for Enlarged Europe region) or defective parts repaired and sold off the shelf (as for North 
America and China regions);
 ● recondition vehicles: at the SUSTAINera Circular Economy Hub in Mirafiori (Turin, Italy) we will 
perform the activities in-house, complementary to the already existing reconditioning activities 
in Europe with Aramis, in which we acquired a control in interest in 2016.
 ■ in Reuse scope we:
 ● reuse parts: original multi-brand parts in good condition recovered from ELVs and reused as-is to 
be fitted to other vehicles; 
 ● reuse HVBs: Second Life projects repurposing HVBs for different applications outside of the 
automotive sector, for example as energy storage connected with renewable energies (solar, 
wind). (Second-Life Batteries details  6.1.7.7 ).
Within the objective of waste reduction we Recycle:
 ■ recycled materials from parts, HVBs, production and maintenance scraps and End-of-Life vehicles 
(ELVs) fed back into the manufacturing process of new vehicles and aftersales products . T his reduces 
the carbon emission to produce parts from scratch while minimizing the risk of raw material scarcity 
and the material cost fluctuation impact. 
To promote the 4R strategy and embrace all the Company’s initiatives in terms of circular economy 
during the vehicle life cycle, (from the design to the production phase, to the use and maintenance 
until the end of vehicle life ) through one recognizable identity, the Stellantis Circular Economy business 
unit launched in 2022 the dedicated label “SUSTAINera - Circular Economy - Making a better future”: it 
embodies the Stellantis core value “We care for the future” through a responsible business entering a 
new era of sustainability 5.
SUSTAINera:
 ■ represents the dedicated circular economy aftersales offer as part of Stellantis Parts and Services 
range and promises sustainable, transparent and affordable products and services to our customers 
for all brands of vehicles without compromising quality while preserving the environment through 
decreased waste and less use of our planet’s resources;
 ■ aims to support marketing and communication actions worldwide, replacing the former parts and 
services designations of ex-FCA Reman in North America, ex-FCA Regen in Europe and ex-PSA 
Renew product lines;
5 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/october/stellantis-fosters-circular-economy-
ambitions-with-dedicated-business-unit-to-power-new-era-of-sustainable-manufacturing-and-consumption
 ■ is the logo printed on the products’ label for remanufactured, repaired, reused and recycled parts and 
for factories or manufacturing units acting for the circular economy in Stellantis, like the first Circular 
Economy Hub inaugurated in the Mirafiori complex 6. 
SUSTAINera brings the opportunity to reduce the carbon footprint and raw material consumption 
(Life Cycle Assessment analysis performed according to a methodology approved by an external 
independent company, Sphera, shows up to 80% of raw material savings and up to 50% of non-
emitted CO2 for remanufactured and repaired parts corresponding to the best-seller of similar products 
in Europe when compared to new parts) driving Circular Economy business unit to play a key role in in 
Stellantis’ ambitious target of reaching Carbon Net Zero by 2038.
The Circular Economy business unit launched in 2023 a dedicated website in order to keep informed all 
stakeholders about the SUSTAINera activities and news 7. 
The Circular Economy business unit roadmap includes:
 ■ participation in innovative start-ups: an investment was signed with Amanhã Global in 2020 who 
provides B-Parts e-commerce platform focused on multibrand original used automotive parts with 
over 7 million parts available in inventory. B-Parts delivers its products in more than 160 countries. 
 ■ Strategic partnerships like the one led by the Circular Economy business unit in collaboration with 
LCV PRO ONE Stellantis team were signed in 2022 by Stellantis N.V. and Qinomic (a high-tech 
company specialized in innovative and sustainable solutions for mobility) 8.
 ■ Joint ventures: in 2023, Stellantis created a joint venture with a leading metals recycler GALLOO to 
manage ELVs with an initial focus on France (including French Overseas), Belgium and Luxembourg, 
and then expanding across Europe in the next years.
This joint venture will work with selected Authorized Treatment Facilities to collect ELVs from the 
last owner, enabling the recovering of parts for reuse, remanufacturing, and recycling 9.
 ■ Investments: Stellantis signed an investment to hold 32% stake in Miracle Oruide in Yangzhou (China) 
to build circular economy capabilities in the country for engine remanufacturing.
The Circular Economy business unit is run by the Senior Vice President Global Circular Economy and 
reports into the Executive Vice President for Affiliates on the Board of Directors.
6 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-inaugurates-its-first-
circular-economy-hub-in-turin-italy
7 www.sustainera.com
8 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/december/stellantis-and-qinomic-team-up-to-
develop-electric-retrofitting-of-light-commercial-vehicles
9 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-and-galloo-to-form-joint-
venture-for-End-of-Life-vehicle-recycling
206


Page 207:
STELLANTIS CIRCULAR ECONOMY MODEL AND THE 4R STRATEGY
Design for 
circular 
economy
Buy and  
manufacture
Sell, Deliver, 
Maintain, Update
Support and 
enhance use 
phase
Develop 
products and 
services
Manage product  
End-of-Life
Recycle
Materials
SUSTAINera is the label launched by the Circular Economy business unit. It is the recognizable identity 
to promote the 4R strategy and embrace all the Company’s initiatives in terms of circular economy 
throughout the full vehicle life cycle.
Pre-owned vehicles activity 
Stellantis has decided to dedicate a specific business unit to pre-owned vehicles (PROV), with a 
worldwide scope, leveraging its experience as an OEM but also a global ecosystem including companies 
such as Aramis Group or Autobiz. PROV business unit is responsible for defining pre-owned activities 
strategy, targets, key projects, business guidelines and for supporting all regional entities. It has central 
oversight and accountability for pre-owned activities global financial results. 
Regarding companies dedicated to this business, PROV business unit ensures strategic oversight 
and consistency through Board participation in companies partially or totally controlled, in line with 
corporate governance rules, and provides them with the adequate support through synergies with 
Stellantis activities. PROV business unit continuously looks for additional opportunities to develop new 
business, including through partnerships with innovative start-ups, for example, Autoavaliar (Brazil) or 
Fengche (China).
All Stellantis PROV activities aim to operate in compliance both with applicable regulations and Stellantis 
policies enforcing best practices regarding safety at work (including in our reconditioning facilities), 
competition laws, diversity, respect for customer data privacy protection and customer information, 
which is paramount to present our offers both digitally and on physical sites  6.1.7 .
6.1.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY  GRI 301-3
When Stellantis designs a product, it considers materials impact at all stages of the life cycle. The 
materials and circular economy policy is based on the following principles: 
1. Eco-design to boost innovation and contribute to reduce material consumption and environmental 
impact of materials; 
2. An assertive commitment to use Green Materials;
3. A commitment to reduce hazardous substances;
4. A commitment to responsible recyclability - as a prevention measure against material scarcity and 
environmental impact of raw material sourcing - and to support a responsible End-of-Life treatment;
5. A commitment to provide customers with offers in the circular economy mindset: sustainable parts 
and service offers to increase the lifespan of their vehicle and its parts, including High-Voltage 
Batteries (HVBs).
1. Eco-design to boost innovation and contribute to reduce material consumption and 
environmental impact of materials
From the vehicle design through each stage of the vehicle life cycle, Stellantis works to limit the vehicle’s 
environmental footprint in line with applicable regulations by:
 ■ improving fuel consumption;
 ■ reducing CO2 emissions and pollutants;
 ■ using natural resources responsibly;
 ■ improving recyclability, repairability and remanufacturability.
In addition to supporting vehicle compliance with environmental legislation, eco-design also helps the 
Company stay competitive regarding sustainable mobility and new materials.
207


Page 208:
Life cycle stages Core challenges
Product definition Define new automotive products and services taking into account the 
mobility needs of consumers around the world, local legislation and people’s 
expectations regarding the environment and safety.
Design and 
engineering
Design vehicles to reduce their impact:
 ▪ on the environment: CO2 emissions, local pollutants, the use of resources 
and recyclability;
 ▪ on society: road safety, noise pollution, traffic congestion.
Production Reduce the environmental impact of automobile manufacturing.
Improve workplace safety.
Participate in the economic and social life of local communities.
Transport and sale Integrate environmental challenges into supply chain and dealership network 
management.
Inform customers in a responsible manner through advertising and labelling 
and provide a satisfying ownership experience with effective sales and 
customer service processes.
Use Help limit the impact associated with vehicle use: promote safe and 
environment friendly driving practices, reduce vehicle fuel consumption, and 
develop increasingly effective exhaust emission control systems.
Promote the use of parts from circular economy in vehicle maintenance and 
repair.
End-of-Life Facilitate the collection and processing of End-of-Life vehicles and 
components by specialized providers and optimize their recyclability 
(pollution control, recycling, recovery and reuse). Evaluate the business 
opportunities to create circular economy offers to our customers and 
optimize the effort to collect and treat End-of-Life vehicles and in particular 
the HVBs.
In order to be a strong participant in the circular economy market, the Company continues to develop 
partnerships with industrial counterparts from the automotive industry and other sectors. This is 
helping to reduce the pressure on natural resources for the different stages of the life cycle of our 
vehicles.
The Company has implemented a life cycle analysis procedure to evaluate and validate the selection of 
materials in new projects. This action allows to improve the use of natural resources and to limit the 
impact of products on the environment throughout their useful life. Each stage of the life cycle and the 
main environmental issues are examined  6.1.7 .
This policy to search for new materials is being implemented in conjunction with the Company’s 
commitment to using more renewable, recycled or bio-sourced materials in its vehicles.
Spare parts verified to boost safety, environmental protection and compliance
Stellantis pays close attention to the selection of material to comply with regulations, notably those 
related to safety. Due to their strong visual resemblance to branded parts, customers might be misled by 
counterfeit parts. A poor quality of counterfeit parts can endanger consumer safety. In the automotive 
field in particular, counterfeit products do not offer guarantees in terms of safety, environmental 
protection or regulatory requirements. In order to allow customers, after-market and custom networks 
to identify genuine parts, the various brands of Stellantis use a secure label placed on replacement 
parts packaging. 
2. An assertive commitment to use Green Materials
Stellantis is involved in the integration of recycled and natural materials in the Company’s vehicles. 
The integration of recycled materials covers all materials used in vehicles. Green Materials used in the 
vehicles can be defined in three categories:
 ■ recycled materials;
 ■ materials of natural origin, such as wood and plant fibers;
 ■ bio-sourced materials, such as polymers that come from renewable resources rather than the 
petrochemical industry.
There are several advantages to using them, including reduced use of mined and fossil-based 
materials and fostering the development of the recycling industries by increasing demand. Life Cycle 
Assessments (LCAs) are conducted to check and highlight the environmental progress of new Green 
Material solutions.
3. A commitment to reduce hazardous substances
Stellantis focuses its attention on the environment and the health and safety of their customers and 
employees.
Regarding hazardous substance management, the main drivers are: 
 ■ the elimination of four heavy metals; lead, mercury, cadmium and hexavalent chromium, which 
are regulated in Europe by the Directive No 2000/53/EC on End-of-Life vehicles and its Annex 
II exemptions list, and by similar legislations in other regions of the world such as Korean ELV, 
Enforcement Decree of the Act on Resource Circulation of Electrical and Electronic Equipment and 
Vehicles;
 ■ the compliance with the different substances legislations applicable all over the world such as 
EU POP (Persistent Organic Pollutants) and REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and 
restriction of CHemicals) regulation, TSCA (Toxic Substances Control Act) Section 5(a) Significant 
New Use Rules (SNURs), China Requirements for Prohibited Substances on Automobiles (GB/T 
30512-2014). The Company has set up an organization and communication system to monitor its 
partners and suppliers using the automotive industry guidelines; 
 ■ the introduction of technical solutions to improve vehicle interior air quality to support customer 
health, safety and comfort in the cabin, in addition to regulatory requirements. 
208


Page 209:
4a. A commitment to responsible recyclability - as a a prevention measure against 
material scarcity and environmental impact of raw material sourcing - and to support a 
responsible End-of-Life treatment
The impact of recycling ELVs is taken into account starting from the design phase. Vehicle materials 
are selected according to increasingly strict criteria that are designed to foster the development 
of recovery and recycling facilities. To ensure that its vehicles are highly recyclable, Stellantis is 
committed to: 
 ■ using materials that are easy to recycle;
 ■ reducing the variety of plastics to facilitate sorting after shredding, optimize the related recovery 
processes and improve profitability;
 ■ using a single family of plastics per core function so that an entire sub-assembly can be recycled 
without full breakdown dismantling;
 ■ marking plastic parts with standardized codes for identification, sorting and traceability;
 ■ introducing Green Materials, especially recycled materials, into vehicle design to support the 
emergence or development of new markets for certain materials;
 ■ integrating recycling considerations upstream in the innovation phases with a focus on new materials 
or vehicle parts.
As a participant in the International Dismantling Information System (IDIS) project, Stellantis provides 
recycling facilities with disassembly instructions for our vehicle brands, including disassembly 
information for HVBs.
Stellantis is performing vehicle recycling studies to support vehicle End-of-Life research and 
development and to satisfy dismantling requirements for ELVs.
4b. A commitment to responsible End-of-Life treatment
As part of the Circular Economy business unit, one central ELV team integrates ELV activities for 
Stellantis brands.
This allows synergies to be increased by:
 ■ exchanging information with authorities at regional and country levels;
 ■ streamlining Stellantis ELV activities in countries in Europe and in regions outside of Europe:
 ■ negotiating with Stellantis partners in the full ELV chain at central and local levels:
 ■ contributing to the work by automobile associations at country, European and global levels
 ■ analyzing and generating new business and revenue opportunities.
5. A commitment to provide customers with offers in the circular economy mindset: 
sustainable parts and service offers to increase the lifespan of their vehicle and its parts, 
including High-Voltage Batteries
 ■ Stellantis is using all its expertise in 4R (Reman, Reuse, Repair, Recycle) to offer to its customers a 
sustainable alternative to genuine new parts extending the lifespan of products (parts and HVB).
The Company is permanently screening new suppliers offering new technologies to bring new range 
of sustainable parts to the market as early as possible.
SUSTAINera, the dedicated circular economy aftermarket offer, promises sustainable, transparent and 
affordable products and services to our customers for all brands of vehicles without compromising 
quality while preserving the environment through decreased waste and less use of our planet’s 
resources. The benefits for the customers are economical (savings up to 70% of new part price and 
the opportunity to maintain the resale value of the vehicle) and ecological, satisfying their willingness 
to purchase responsibly.
SUSTAINera offers:
 ● remanufactured parts helping to reduce the cost of vehicle ownership, decrease the volume 
of materials heading to landfills and lower energy consumption. The Company certifies the 
production of remanufactured parts, manufactured internally or through specialized providers, in 
order to provide a repair solution that is equivalent to original equipment parts and provides the 
same warranty conditions as new;
 ● repair & return service (in Europe) and repaired parts sale (in North America and China) through 
our Stellantis Repairer network;
 ● multi-brand original reused parts leveraging on the e-commerce platform provided by our partner 
(B-Parts) with two years warranty dedicated to Stellantis' Repairer Network (in Europe);
 ● ELV recycling online service called Valorauto 10 in France, Belgium and Luxemburg through the 
JV with Galloo named SUSTAINera Valorauto SAS intended to be extended in other countries 
following the regulation requirements. The service dedicated to B2B has been launched in 
November 2023 while the one dedicated to the B2C has been launched early 2024 11;
 ● reconditioned vehicles: at the SUSTAINera Circular Economy Hub in Mirafiori (Italy) the 
reconditioning activities are managed in-house, complementary to the already existing 
reconditioning activities in Hordain (France) with Stimcar and with Aramis (in which we acquired 
a control in interest in 2016) in Europe, nurturing the pre-owned vehicles business.
 ■ Stellantis Pre-owned vehicles policy: Stellantis pre-owned vehicles activity echoes directly the 
Company mission, “powered by our diversity, we lead the way the world moves”, focusing on 
proposing safe, clean and affordable mobility solutions to our customers. Our pre-owned vehicles 
are mainly recent, certified to meet quality standard, and more affordable than brand new models. In 
addition, providing used vehicles participate in a growing circular model helping to preserve natural 
resources needed to build a vehicle.
10 www.valorauto.com
11 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/valorauto-the-automotive-
recycling-solution-opens-up-to-private-owners-in-france-belgium-and-luxembourg
209


Page 210:
6.1.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES
Sustainable Raw Materials (SRM) division
SRM teams are dedicated to guarantee Stellantis supply with raw materials while meeting its social 
and environmental responsibilities and to drive the disruptive transition to a zero carbon footprint. In 
particular, actions are conducted to secure raw materials supply  2.5 .
The mission is also to implement eco-design process in accordance with the different Stellantis 
commitments:
 ■ monitor and reduce the use of hazardous substances
 ■ increase the use of Green Materials
 ■ implement recyclable solutions
 ■ evaluate the environmental footprint of new solutions and complete vehicles thanks to Life Cycle 
Assessments
 ■ monitor dedicated KPIs, performance and conduct research.
In order to conduct these actions, standards and tools are defined and implemented to monitor design 
criteria applied by engineering teams. In particular, standards are defined to limit and trace the use of 
hazardous substances or to specify the Green Material content. For instance, materials specifications 
are defined for major plastic parts to integrate minimum of Green Materials content. The automotive 
standard IMDS (International Material Data System) tool is mainly used to monitor material composition 
of the parts including hazardous substances identification.
Circular Economy business unit
Stellantis has a business unit dedicated to the circular economy to build a sustainable business based 
on circular economy principles. 
In 2023 the second phase of training on circular economy activities, impact and line to Dare Forward 
2030 strategic plan was rolled out. Other learning initiatives, such as Climate School, underline the 
Company purpose to raise employees' awareness and commitment to sustainability.
The business unit uses common resources from central or regional teams including engineering, quality, 
purchasing or manufacturing, after-sales, suppliers and other providers. Amanhã Global, a subsidiary 
of Stellantis, has its own resources to support its growth plan. 
The size of the team is growing significantly to support circular economy strategy and business growth.
In 2023 the first Circular Economy Hub has been inaugurated in the Mirafiori complex, Italy, starting 
with three activities: parts and High Voltage Batteries remanufacturing, vehicle dismantling and vehicle 
reconditioning, with the scope set to expand further activities and globally.
The site (the Hub in Mirafiori) currently employs 170 upskilled employees. This number is projected to 
increase to approximately 550 people by 2025 12.
12 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-inaugurates-its-first-
circular-economy-hub-in-turin-italy
High-Voltage Batteries (HVB) Management 
The Company is implementing collection and treatment procedures for its HVBs used in hybrid 
and electric vehicles sold in Europe and other regions. Stellantis offers longer lifespan mobility to 
their customers by developing repair and remanufacturing processes. Stellantis is also targeting 
to extend the battery lifespan through second-life solutions outside of the automotive sector for 
energy storage including those through its joint venture with NHOA (ex Engie EPS) Free2move 
eSolution.
Stellantis is responsible for the recycling of its HVBs and contracts with specific operators selected to 
collect and recycle HVBs from our plants, research and development sites, dealer network and End-
of-Life vehicles according to existing local regulations. The battery technology in electric and hybrid 
vehicles requires specific handling methods. 
In order to support BEV customers, Stellantis can provide them a State of Health (SoH) document 
that can be requested to the Repairers network. It describes the current status of the degradation of 
the battery as an indicative information. The document also provides recommendations on how to 
optimize battery life and range. Already available for Citroën, DS, Opel, Peugeot and Vauxhall BEVs, this 
service is being extended to other Stellantis brands in Q4/2023.
6.1.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS GRI 306-2  
6.1.7.1 Main initiatives to support Eco-design and reduce material consumption: the LCA 
approach 
Stellantis conducts Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) on its vehicles and components. These studies 
analyze the multi-criteria environmental footprint of a vehicle, its components and materials design. 
The entire product life cycle is taken into account from raw material extraction to manufacture, use and 
End-of-Life. The methodology used for LCAs refers to ISO standards 14040/44 and critical reviews are 
conducted with external experts. The most recent critical review focused on battery electric vehicle DS3 
Crossback e-tense performed by a third-party reviewer panel. 
The results of LCAs help to improve the vehicles’ environmental record: 
 ■ highlighting the environmental advantage of one innovative solution compared to another, and 
more broadly, the overall environmental impact of a product; 
 ■ identifying possible pollution transfers from one phase of the life cycle to another; 
 ■ highlighting core environmental impacts; 
 ■ choosing more environmentally friendly technologies and materials. 
210


Page 211:
Main Indicators of Environmental Impacts Monitored by Stellantis
Impact type Impact description
Impact 
on air
Global warming potential in kg CO2-eq: characterizes the average increase in 
greenhouse gases emissions that contribute to global warming (CO2, CH4, N2O, etc.).
Acidification potential in kg SO2-eq: characterizes the increase in the content of 
acidifying substances that cause acid rain and decay of some forests (SO2, etc.).
Photochemical ozone creation potential in kg ethene eq.: characterizes the phenomena 
leading to the formation of ozone which have harmful effects on human health and on 
ecosystems (VOCs, etc.).
Impact 
on water
Eutrophication potential in kg phosphate eq.: characterizes the introduction of 
nutrients such as nitrogen and phosphate compounds that promote the growth of 
certain algae (NO2, etc.).
Impact 
on 
natural 
resources
Potential for the depletion of natural mineral resources in kg antimony eq. (Sb): aims 
to measure the extraction of mineral resources considered to be non-renewable 
regarding their reserves on Earth
Potential for the depletion of fossil resources in megajoules (MJ): aims to measure the 
extraction of fossil fuels regarding their reserves on Earth.
LCAs can be used in the  innovation phase to consider environmental impact as early as possible. 
The analyses are usually conducted at the end of product design and include recyclability and critical 
materials. LCA results can also be used in the planning of future vehicles.
Former PSA was a founding member of the EcoSD network, an association whose main purpose is to 
foster interaction between researchers and industry players to create and disseminate Eco-Sustainable 
Design (EcoSD) expertise in France and beyond, thereby promoting France’s EcoSD expertise 
internationally. The Company participates in collaborative projects with industry and laboratory 
members of the network, with the support of the French Agency for Ecological Transition (ADEME). 
Achievements of these projects include: 
 ■ an assessment of the methodology used to measure the “water footprint” of an entire vehicle 
 ■ the creation of a tool which takes environmental criteria into account in the design of traction 
batteries for electric vehicles 
 ■ the development of a guide with good practices for LCA practitioners on using mineral depletion 
indicators and on taking into account material criticality issues 
 ■ the publication of a “White Book” by Presses des Mines, on the application of monetarization (the 
process of giving an economic value to environmental impact and its remedies) in LCA for eco-design 
purposes 
 ■ an assessment of the environmental profile of the data in the context of connected vehicles 
 ■ an assessment of the environmental profile of charging infrastructures for BEVs in the context of 
long-distance drive.
In addition, STELLANTIS participates to different partnerships: 
 ■ OSCAR, a project funded by National French Research Association(ANR) and launched in 2019, 
develops a new approach to eco-design for complex systems (battery, innovative powertrain, etc.). 
It allows, through a wide exploration in the upstream phases of a design project, to identify optimal 
solutions with sustainable development by optimizing environmental, technical and attractive 
performance
 ■ TRANSENSUS LCA, is a Horizon Europe project on aligning LCA methodology for alternative fuel 
vehicles. It aims to develop a baseline for a European-wide harmonised, commonly accepted and 
applied single life cycle assessment (LCA) approach for a zero-emission road transport system. 
 ■ IRIS project is a collaborative initiative coordinated by Carbone 4, focusing on strategic foresight, 
scenario planning, and resource use competition. The project brings together 15 major companies 
from various sectors, as well as research institutions. The objective is to build shared and rigorous 
tools (foresight scenarios), methods that aim to enable companies to design "physically" realistic 
transition pathways, and to collectively anticipate the disruptions induced by planetary boundaries, 
and plan for resource availability risks where we foresee competition among different economic 
sectors for resource access.
Ph.D. thesis work has been also conducted in France, focused on the development of a method to 
optimize environmental impacts of automotive product and service systems such as car sharing. 
Another Ph.D. candidate developed a method for implementing CSR KPIs in the design phase of 
vehicles. In the South America region, a Doctorate level study intends to develop a model for the 
application of the LCA for vehicles to reinterpret the environmental gains brought by Route 2030 in a 
cradle to grave perspective, going beyond the use stage and carbon emissions.
The Company aims to implement LCAs on new vehicles. For core technological changes or strategic 
innovations, studies are conducted to assess developments of the environmental impact from these 
technologies. 
In 2023, LCAs covered 
74%
(versus 69% in 2022)    
of the total fleet sold.
211


Page 212:
Simplified diagram of a vehicle life-cycle
Global  
warming
Air  
acidification
Photochemical  
ozone creation
Water  
eutrophication
Depletion of  
mineral resources
Production
Maintenance
Reuse 
parts
Raw  
Materials
Materials 
Recycling
Distribution
Energy 
Recovery
Fuel and 
electricity 
Consumption
ELV 
Processing
Use
MULTICRITERIA  
APPROACH: 
Examples of the application of LCAs 
These analyses are carried out using software linked to environmental databases that makes it possible 
to calculate a product’s environmental impact. The goal is to compare the environmental impact from 
a new model compared to the previous generation. The impact of new electrified powertrain is also 
evaluated. Examples of vehicles that have been assessed during the past year: 
 ■ Alfa Romeo Tonale MHEV and PHEV
 ■ Citroen C4X BEV and ICE
 ■ Fiat 600 BEV and MHEV
 ■ Jeep Avenger BEV and MHEV
 ■ Maserati Grecale BEV and MHEV
 ■ New Peugeot 408 PHEV and ICE
 ■ RAM Rampage Rebel GME 2.0 gasoline
6.1.7.2 Main initiatives to boost the integration of Green Materials
Stellantis plans to integrate a Green Materials monitoring system focused on recycled and natural 
materials in new vehicles. We are focusing on recycled polymers as an important part of the circular 
economy and increasing our research efforts. The wider application of Green Materials requires the 
development of robust supply chains and more research on new materials. To meet its targets, the 
Company is actively selecting and certifying materials that offer the best cost and technical application, 
thereby creating a portfolio of solutions for future vehicle projects. The use of Green Materials will 
continue to be included in the engineering design guidelines and in the specifications for supplying 
parts and components. The use of Green Materials is also one of the selection criteria when choosing 
suppliers. 
Stellantis is involved in a large number of scientific partnerships to boost the development of 
the Green Materials industry and expand the use of these materials in vehicles. In 2023 Stellantis 
participated in: 
 ■ RUSTINE project: extruded recycling for the recovery of polymer waste sponsored by Fonds Unique 
Interministériel (FUI) with industrial and academic partners (Galloo Plastics, Wipak, Nutripack, Umet 
and Armines). The objective is to develop a process for decontaminating plastic waste from different 
sectors, in particular automobile. Stellantis aims to develop validated products with recycled 
polyolefin materials for interior parts without losing the properties of virgin materials, in particular 
odor and Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs).
 ■ LIFE BIOBCOMPO project : supported by LIFE programme of the European Commission and 
completed during the 2023 the project has developed new plastic materials filled with natural 
cellulosic fiber combining more sustainability and part weight reduction.
 ■ LIFE GREENVULCAN project: supported by LIFE programme of the European Commission has 
been successfully concluded reaching the goal to optimize a technology to devulcanize the rubber 
from End-of-Life tires obtaining recycled materials to be used in the formulation of new elastomers 
to be applied for production of spring pads in automotive applications.
 ■ REVOLUTION project: supported by European Union’s Horizon 2020 program, the ongoing project 
is developing recycled plastic materials for semi-structural and aesthetic applications with also the 
target of weight reduction 
 ■ BYOND project: started in November 2022 the project, supported by Italian Ministry of Economic 
Development, is ongoing and aims to develop novel enhanced high performance eco-sustainable 
materials (plastics, metals, elastomers) for BEV, which has the potential to strongly contribute to 
STELLANTIS carbon net zero path through material circularity and related CO2 reduction.
The latest vehicles brought to the market illustrate the results obtained on the inclusion of materials 
that are recycled or from natural sources. The following examples show the diversity of applications 
validated on recent vehicles from the different brands in the main regions of commercialization: 
212


Page 213:
In Enlarged Europe: 
 ■ New Fiat 600 in the dashboard fascia uses partially renewable plastic PC/ABS based on crude tall 
oil, a residue from forestry industry.
 ■ Jeep Avenger uses polypropylene combining wood fibers in the door panels and rear shelf.
 ■ Peugeot 3008 use recycled textile in the the carpets and high quality post-consumer recycled 
polypropylene in dashboard and bumpers.  
 ■ Citroen C3  was developed with 360° eco-design approach using post-consumer PC/ABS 
(Polycarbonate / Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene) material on visible parts, PA (Polyamide) materials 
for underhood parts, recycled PET bottles for carpets and combination of post- and pre-consumers 
recycled polypropylenes for other visible applications.
In North America: 
 ■ Jeep Wrangler uses glass-filled recycled nylon materials for mirror support brackets in Jeep Wrangler 
‘doors off’ model 
 ■ Jeep Grand Cherokee  uses recycled polycarbonate in foglamp lenses and low-emission acetal 
(POM) materials for glovebox door dampers. 
 ■ 3.5L Engines use recycled content post-consumer glass/mineral nylon for intake manifolds
 ■ New vehicles to integrate 100% post consumer recycled PET  used in fabrics for anti-squeak 
performance in seating
In South America: 
 ■ Citroën C3 Cactus uses recycled polyesters fibers for insulation, recycled PET bottles for upholstery 
and recycled polyamide compounds for wheel finishes and other applications.
 ■ Ram Rampage inaugurated the production of the Ram brand in South America bringing also 
recycled content to upholstery and under the body solutions.
6.1.7.3 Main initiatives to reduce hazardous substances 
Regulatory requirements regarding the use of hazardous substances are factored into the phases 
of the vehicle life cycle. We work closely with suppliers on achieving compliance of vehicles and parts 
sold. To ensure the traceability of regulated substances contained in vehicle parts and materials,  
the Company collects information from suppliers using the automotive standard International  
Material Data System (IMDS) tool according to the Global Automotive Declarable Substance List (GADSL).
Stellantis has set the goal of minimizing the use of substances of concern by working upstream during 
the new material research and innovation phases which means in Europe for example considering 
REACH Candidate list and anticipating the future restrictions introduced by REACH Annexes XIV, 
XVII and by Persistent Organic Pollutants (POP) regulation. Examples include the replacement of 
diethylhexyl phtalate (DEHP) which is used as a plasticizer in PVC sheaths for wiring harnesses. 
Other regulations on chemical substances such as Persistent Organic Pollutants (POP) and Biocides 
which affect part design and production are also monitored for compliance. 
Concerning Vehicle interior air quality, in addition to comply with legal regulations Stellantis has 
introduced technical solutions to support customer health, safety and comfort in the cabin. These 
include filters for air flow into the passenger compartment and limits on volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs) in the materials used inside the cabin.
Currently, the improvement of the overall procedure for odor evaluations is ongoing. In Brazil a patent 
for panelist selection was submitted. Next step will be the extension of this process to Stellantis global 
harmonized odor test standard to obtain more robust results.
Where applicable, the air in the passenger compartment is checked for VOCs and odors before the 
vehicle goes to the market.
6.1.7.4 Main initiatives to improve responsible recyclability  
and to support End-of-Life treatment  
SASB-440b.3
 
GRI 301-2
Stellantis implements actions from the ecodesign stage to the End-of-Life of its vehicles 
Through its choice of materials, Stellantis aims to promote the recyclability of its products, to obtain the 
homologation of its vehicles where regulatory relevant, the success of their sales and their effective 
recycling at the end of their life.
One of our actions in this field fall within the framework of European Directive No. 2000/53/EC of 
September 18, 2000 regarding End-of-Life Vehicles (ELV) which sets vehicle design requirements and 
operational processing requirements for the vehicle at the end of its service life. 
 ■ from the design stage, recyclability is taken into account. Stellantis has implemented the processes 
needed to fulfill the 95% recovery requirement in vehicle weight, and 85% reusing or recycling 
materials with traceability processes for information on the weight of materials, substances and 
the corresponding assessments and analyses. In accordance with EU Directive 2005/64/CE, audits 
are conducted by a third-party regarding the traceability processes for information on the weight of 
materials, substances and the corresponding assessments and analyses.
 ■ at the End-of-Life, Stellantis implements three types of recovery for ELVs: reuse of parts, recycling 
of materials and energy recovery. Since 2015, vehicles in Europe have to be 95% recovered and 85% 
recycled or recyclable. 
In order to meet its obligations, Stellantis has an internal horizontal network, that provides the 
framework to manage the upstream and downstream processes. The two activities include: upstream, 
which seeks eco-design solutions, and downstream, which involves services for the collection and 
treatment of End-of-Life vehicles. This work is conducted in close collaboration with Company partners 
such as suppliers, recycling operators and vehicle manufacturer associations. 
6.1.7.5 Main initiatives, achievements and results on parts recycling
Stellantis recycling activity is currently performed in four regions: Enlarged Europe, North America, 
South America and Middle East and Africa. 
In 2023, more than 2 million parts (versus more than 1.7 million parts in 2022) have been recycled 
including catalytic converters, fascias/plastic bumpers, alloy wheels and High-Voltage Batteries.
The SUSTAINera Circular Economy Hub in Mirafiori will contribute recovering parts and consequently 
materials thanks to the operating vehicle dismantling activities on ELVs. 
In 2023 we have launched the project to convert all the current packaging in new eco-packaging 
made of a maximum of reusable, recycled and recyclable in advance of the regulation requirements 
by 2030 in Europe.
All the Company’s vehicles in Europe  
are 95% recoverable and 85% recyclable
213


Page 214:
6.1.7.6 Main initiatives to improve End-of-Life vehicle (ELV) treatment SASB-440b.2
In 2000, the EU End-of-Life Vehicle Directive began requiring all vehicle manufacturers and importers 
to take back vehicles from the last owners or holders when the cars have reached End-of-Life.  
For that purpose and by following the different national requirements, the two former companies 
(FCA and PSA) have built take-back networks in EU member states where they were 
operating. The systems vary in different countries between implementation and maintenance by the 
manufacturers themselves, assigning a service provider on their behalf or participating in a collective 
take-back process, where required by law.
The European regulation relating to the treatment of ELVs is currently being revised. The aim is to 
improve circularity in designing vehicles, increase the content of recycled materials in new vehicles, and 
improve efficiency of ELV treatment. Stellantis is already working on this to be able to meet its future 
obligations and seek the best circular economy solutions for its vehicles.
In 2023, Stellantis created a joint venture with the leading metals and plastics recycler - GALLOO - 
to manage End-of-Life Vehicles with an initial focus on France, Belgium and Luxembourg, and then 
expanding across Europe in the next years.
This joint venture will work with selected authorized treatment facilities to collect and treat ELVs from 
the last owner B2B and B2C, enabling the recovering of parts for reuse, remanufacturing, and recycling.
The joint venture is named SUSTAINera Valorauto SAS and the name of the car recycling service 
provided to the car owners is Valorauto 13.
Outside of Europe, Stellantis is actively analyzing the regional and local market situation as well as 
ELV-related legislation. The Company adopts and develops strategies and plans for implementation 
depending on the local and regional requirements and constraints. 
 ■ U.S.: the environmental effects of vehicles at the End-of-Life stage are reduced using a market-
driven recycling infrastructure, making automobiles and their components among the most recycled 
consumer products in that country.
 ■ Asia: some countries have developed momentum around waste legislation. Stellantis is cooperating 
with partners in China on batteries recycling.
 ■ India: we have a business partnership to support the development of Waste Law to treat ELVs and HVBs.
 ■ Africa: is investigating and advancing structures and processes to implement a Circular Economy model. 
Individual System to manage End-of-Life Vehicles (ELV): 
In 2023, Stellantis collected and processed with an internal Individual System 15,523 ELVs globally 
(versus 19,692 of ELVs in Fr ance in 2022) for all Brands. These accounted for 18,184 tons of material 
recovered (versus 23,047 tons in 2022) of which 88% (the same as in 2022) was recycled.
French Authorities published a new ELV Decree on November 24th, 2022, to oblige each producer 
of vehicles to obtain an agreement for an Individual system or to choose a collective system (eco-
organism). Stellantis decided to develop its own individual system and will be supported by the new 
joint venture (SUSTAINera Valorauto SAS) created in 2023 with Galloo. Stellantis expects to obtain the 
agreement for its individual system in early 2024.
13 www.valorauto.com
Actions Plan to collect and treat abandoned ELVs:
Stellantis made a major contribution to piloting the action plan for the re-absorption of historic 
stocks of abandoned ELVs in the French overseas territories in which the French Environmental 
Code applies (Guadeloupe, Saint Martin, Martinique, French Guyana, Reunion Island, Saint Pierre-et-
Miquelon Island and Mayotte). This plan, which addresses the environmental and health issues that 
arise when their last owner abandons vehicles, resulted in the signing of a framework agreement 
between manufacturers on October  24, 2018. At the end of 2023, this action plan was active in 
French overseas departments with 38,814 abandoned ELVs (versus 29,702 in 2022) collected since 
the program started in 2018. 
EVENTS ATTENDED BY SUSTAINERA
• Rematec - 27 to 29 June 2023 in Amsterdam: the world's leading trade event dedicated 
to the remanufacturing industry. SUSTAINera attended for the first time with a 
dedicated booth and a speech at the Conference Theatre given by Alison Jones, Senior 
Vice President Global Circular Economy, about Remanufacturing as key pillar of the 
Circular Economy and the Company decarbonization strategy 14.
• MEMA - Sustainability Summit 15 August 2023 in Michigan, US: Motor & Equipment 
Manufacturers Association. SUSTAINera attended with a speech given by Alison Jones 
illustrating the Circular Economy industrial and innovative scale up contributing to the 
Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan 15.
• SOLUTRANS - 21 to 25 November 2023 Lyon: biennial trade fair and global hub for 
heavy & light commercial vehicles. SUSTAINera attended for the first time with a 
corner within the Stellantis booth, presenting the sustainable parts offer dedicated 
to LCVs and unveiling e-RETROFIT, in partnership with Qinomic and LCV PRO ONE 
Stellantis team: a 100% electric, economical and eco-responsible retrofit solution for 
medium-size van offer 16.
6.1.7.7 Main initiatives to provide customers with offers in the circular economy mindset: 
sustainable spare parts, verified pre-owned vehicles
 ■ Affordable maintenance with replacement parts for all budgets in a circular economy mindset 
Stellantis provides an extensive range of spare parts coming from the circular economy, under the 
SUSTAINera label. It is an eco-responsible complement to the Stellantis spare parts offer to provide 
customers with solutions that match their needs, budget, vehicle age or brand of vehicle. 
14 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/parts-services/press/stellantis-showcases-sustainera-and-its-
comprehensive-remanufacturing-strategy-to-support-carbon-net-zero-by-2038-at-rematec
15 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/parts-services/press/stellantis-sustainera-at-mema-sustainability-
summit-circular-economy-business-plays-key-role-in-global-decarbonization-strategy
16 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-at-solutrans-pro-one-
deployment-a-new-generation-of-fiat-e-ducato-with-420km-range-after-sales-solutions-circular-economy-e-retrofit
214


Page 215:
 ● The SUSTAINera parts and accessories program implements the 4R strategy through: 
 ■ a full range of remanufactured parts;
 ■ a multi-brand original reused parts catalog;
 ■ a “repair and return” service in Europe for multi-brand automatic gearboxes,complex electronic 
components, HVB, as well as an offer of repaired parts in North America and China 
 ■ recycling of parts and materials coming from production, maintenance and End-of-Life vehicle 
treatment.
The total range of sustainable parts covers more than 15% (versus 13% in 2022) of customers 
aftersales needs and aims to help reduce the cost of vehicle ownership, decrease the volume of 
materials heading to landfills and lower energy consumption. 
 ● Remanufactured Parts : include parts such as starters, alternators, clutches, turbochargers, 
injectors, brake calipers, electronic control units, multimedia, steering components, transmissions, 
engines, particles filters, and high-voltage batteries for electric vehicles, and more recently have been 
launched SCR tank and video camera Depending on the part, the average raw-material usage is 
reduced between 60% to 95%, while CO2 emissions are reduced between 30% to 80% compared with 
new part production (values determined according to a methodology approved by an independent 
company - Sphera). The Company certifies the production of remanufactured parts, manufactured 
internally or through specialized providers, in order to provide a sustainable solution that is equivalent 
to original equipment parts and provides the same warranty conditions as new parts.
The intention is to continue extending the number of ranges as much as possible, given that it 
has to be technically possible and profitable. Explorations concern all electronic parts including 
ADAS and sensors for instance. An example is the launch in collaboration with Valeo of the first 
remanufactured automotive windshield-mounted video camera, intended to be the initial step in 
establishing an entire new product line dedicated to ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) 
in the SUSTAINera European REMAN range 17. 
REMAN offer has been launched in Brazil, South America in 2022. The first stage of the program 
covers 80 part numbers (vs 100 in 2022) already available in approximately 1,000 dealerships in 
Brazil, of Citroën, Fiat, Jeep and Peugeot brands, some of the Stellantis brands in the country. 
The five product lines available at launch were: starter motors, alternators, steering boxes, 
turbochargers and automatic gearboxes. In 2023 they have been expanded including injectors 
and high-pressure pumps. Overall worldwide key figures: 38 product lines including batteries, 
representing 12,000 part numbers (versus 13,000 in 2022) with a sales growth of 14% (versus a 
19% in 2022).
Core return is fundamental for the remanufacturing business. An integrated process (called Back 
in the Box and already active in Europe) has been developed to manage the core return from our 
dealer network optimizing the logistic flow. 
 ● Reused Parts: In 2020 Stellantis invested in Amanhã Global allowing a multibrand reused parts 
offer to customers including B2C and B2B though an advanced e-commerce platform. In 2023, 
there were sales in more than 160 countries, with a growth of 63% (versus 108% in 2022)
17 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/parts-services/press/stellantis-and-valeo-launch-the-first-
remanufactured-automotive-windshield-mounted-video-camera
 ● “Repair & Return” service - extending the lifespan of complex products : Since 2011, 
Stellantis has been offering a “Repair & Return” service for both automatic gearboxes and 
complex electronic products. This has been expanded to include other repair services including 
HVB through a network of 24 e-repair centers (versus 21 in 2022) around the world. In 2023, 
Stellantis repair range includes 15 product lines (versus 12 in 2022).
 ■ Revenue generation from all Circular Economy
Stellantis created a dedicated business unit to develop circular economy activities, which plays a 
major role in the company’s effort to reach industry-leading target of carbon net zero by 2038 as 
part of the Dare Forward strategic plan presented in March 2022.
The Circular Economy business unit is mainly focusing on Remanufactured, Repaired, and Reused 
Parts business, and on developing the Recycling loop for Stellantis parts and End-of-Life vehicles. 
The Dare Forward ambition for Circular Economy business unit is to reach €2 billion total revenue 
generation by 2030 on this scope of activities.
 ■ Developing pre-owned vehicles activities
 ● In 2023 Stellantis continued to develop its Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) policy  with the a 
worldwide deployment of its Spoticar CPO Program for all mainstream brands and specific 
Certified Programs for DS, Alfa Romeo and Lancia brands. A CPO program provides customers 
a label for pre-owned vehicles, which are checked, reconditioned, certified and warranted. On 
Spoticar and brands Certified websites, Stellantis provides product information, pictures and 
when available videos to make sure customers are fully informed about the vehicle they are 
looking at.
 ● Alongside with CPO programs, Stellantis continues to develop customer satisfaction 
measurement for our pre-owned vehicles customers: already active in most of the G10 
countries, this program will be activated in all G10 countries in 2024 to ensure our dealers 
provide to customers the best possible experience, with the same level of attention than 
towards new vehicles customers.
 ● Stellantis also supported the development of multi-brand B2C business Aramis Group , 
through a successful IPO (Initial Public Offering) on Euronext stock market in June 2021. This 
allows Aramis Group to sustain its European growth, in France, Spain, Belgium, the UK since 
early 2021 and Italy and Austria since 2023. Aramis Group provides customers with a top-
level digital experience, proposing affordable refurbished vehicles of all makes. Aramis Group 
refurbishment facilities are managed in order to preserve resources (95% of waste generated 
by refurbishing activities were recycled in 2023) and is committed to further reduce the 
environmental impact of these activities. Aramis governance is also compliant with market 
best practices, with independent members of the Board, a balanced gender representation 
and the creation of dedicated committees of the Board for nominations, compensations and 
benefits as well as for CSR. The Company is committed to develop and retain talents (80% 
of the workforce trained in 2023), to achieve maximum safety at work and to embrace team 
diversity. 
215


Page 216:
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Electrification is likely to increase the global demand for the materials for the 
manufacturing of Low-Emission Vehicles (LEVs): mainly cobalt, lithium and nickel. 
To preserve the natural resources as well as to mitigate the risk of scarcity, Stellantis 
works to reduce its consumption of materials in LEV manufacturing through the 
implementation of a full circular economy battery life cycle management starting 
by extending the lifespan of the battery for automotive usage through repair and 
remanufacturing, then implementing battery second-life solutions. 
In 2023, 3,318 of the batteries used in Stellantis’ vehicles had a life cycle management 
solution (versus 2,261 in 2022): 262 (versus 149 in 2022) were repaired, 1,265 (versus 
1,032) were remanufactured, 350 (versus 426) were used in second-life projects, and 
1,441 (versus 654) were recycled. When the batteries are no longer suited for vehicle use, 
they are reused for energy stationary storage purposes. The company also collaborates 
with qualified recycling companies, with the objective to recycle with the most efficient 
process a growing number of batteries in Europe and North America. 
The Company also works to increase battery energy density which would decrease the 
quantity of raw materials needed per unit of energy. Stellantis conducts research and 
development activities for solid-state batteries and chemical compositions for other 
raw materials that are not considered critical. From 2024, Stellantis plans to base its 
electrification strategy on two battery technologies  2.5.3.2.3 . 
To secure lithium availability, Stellantis invested in two companies for new direct  
off-takes of geothermal lithium in North America and Europe. The Company’s Tier 
1 battery suppliers have also contracted lithium suppliers in Europe. For the longer 
term, Stellantis prepares to set up off-take agreements of recycled raw materials with 
recyclers  2.5.3.2.2 .
6.1.7.8 Specific initiatives related to High-Voltage Batteries (HVBs)
When HVBs cannot be used in vehicles, Stellantis HVBs can be processed in up to three solutions: 
 ■ Repair and Remanufacturing
Repair and Remanufacturing extend the use phase and avoid the premature recycling of HVBs.  
If the battery fails, it will either be repaired in the network or sent to a remanufacturing center.  
The repaired battery will then be reinstalled in the vehicle from which it had been removed whereas 
the remanufactured one will be used in another used electric vehicle to maintain the electric mobility 
of the Company’s customers as long as possible.
In 2023 our E-Repair Centers Regional coverage has been extended to 24 centers, strengthening the 
presence in Enlarged Europe, India and Asia Pacific region (Japan and South Korea) and in Middle 
East and Africa region (Israel). 
To reinforce the sustainability of its HVBs, for the new generation developed for its brands, Stellantis 
is implementing the Design for Circular Economy approach which involves specific requirements to 
make the HVBs repairable and remanufacturable.
 ■ Second-life
Stellantis is also continuing to work on solutions to repurpose for reuse HVBs in non-automotive 
business in order to use batteries as long as possible before sending them to recycling, prioritizing 
second-life activities.
To study the ability of current next-generation EV batteries to be reused in second-life for stationary 
storage applications, Stellantis is exploring the reuse of these batteries by designing, building and 
testing electric stationary storage demonstrators, focused on residential, commercial and industrial 
use in particular with its joint venture with NHOA Free2move e-solutions.
At the same time, Stellantis is still evaluating partnership opportunities with utility companies in 
order to design, build and operate a large-scale pilot of an energy stationary storage facility.
Stellantis is continuing collaborating with several utility companies and battery integrators by 
providing second-life batteries and collaborating with them in designing and creating energy storage 
facilities.
 ■ Recycling Process
In 2023, Stellantis has harmonized its contracts finding agreements for the collection and recycling 
of HVBs in all Europe for all the Stellantis brands. To recycle higher battery volumes and optimize 
the associated logistics costs, according to the geographical area all the dealers, plants, R&D centers 
and dismantlers have access to a local recyclers selected by Stellantis. The same approach is done 
in China and is being extended to the other Regions and in 2023 we closed new agreements also in 
MEA (Middle East and Africa) and in IAP (India and Asia Pacific) Regions.
In October 2023, Stellantis and Orano announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding 
to establish a joint venture for recycling ELBs and scrap from gigafactories in Enlarged Europe and 
North America, strengthening Stellantis’ position in the electric-vehicle battery value chain by securing 
additional access to cobalt, nickel, and lithium necessary for electrification and energy transition.
The joint venture will be focused on the pre-treatment to produce materials also known as “black 
mass” or “active mass” that can go on to be re-used in batteries, thus closing the loop of a circular 
economy. Production is expected to begin in the first part of 2026, reusing existing Stellantis assets and 
facilities. Locations in the two regions currently being finalized 18.
In 2022, the partner’s recycling rates were 73.1% (versus 69.3% in 2021) for Lithium-Ion (Li-ion) 
batteries and 83.7% (versus 83.8% in 2021) for Nickel Metal Hydride (NiMH) batteries for their global 
activity. The results for 2023 are not yet available at the time of publication of this report. These rates 
are significantly higher than the 50% regulatory thresholds for recycling efficiency. This agreement 
covers the dealership networks and industrial sites for all current Li-ion and NiMH batteries across all 
European marketing countries.
18 https://www.media.stellantis.com/em-en/corporate-communications/press/stellantis-and-orano-enter-electric-
vehicle-battery-recycling-agreement
216


Page 217:
CIRCULAR ECONOMY OF HIGH-VOLTAGE BATTERIES
RAW 
MATERIALS
NEW 
BATTERY
ELECTRIC 
VEHICLE
REPAIR 
CENTER
REPAIR
E-REPAIR EXPERTISE 
CENTERS
REMAN
BATTERY EXPERTISE 
CENTER
REUSE
REPURPOSE FOR 
REUSE (SECOND-LIFE) 
IN ENERGY STORAGE
RECYCLE
LOCAL OR CENTRAL 
SERVICE PROVIDERS
6.1.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS   GRI 301-1
6.1.8.1 Total weight and percentage of materials purchased for vehicle production  
by type
Materials purchased  
for vehicle production Year Weight of materials used (t) Materials (%)
Steel 2023 8,437,942 78%
2022 7,870,979 75%
2021 8,871,486 77%
Light Alloys 2023 1,074,792 10%
2022 1,021,575 10%
2021 949,558 8%
Cast Iron 2023 47,118 -%
2022 63,814 1%
2021 62,701 1%
Other Metals 2023 410,699 4%
2022 458,861 4%
2021 590,403 5%
Elastomer 2023 272,068 3%  
2022 287,936 3%
2021 303,135 3%
Polymers 2023 580,496 7%
2022 766,027 7%
2021 666,468 6%
Fluids 2023 34,037 -%
2022 29,279 -%
2021 29,906 0,3%
Other 2023 27 -%
2022 35 -%
2021 31 -%
TOTAL 2023 10,857,179
2022 10,498,506
2021 11,473,688
217


Page 218:
6.1.8.2 Availability of the SUSTAINera 4R offer on Parts  
(excluding HVBs) in the Regions
Regions REMAN REPAIR REUSE RECYCLE
Enlarged Europe
North America
South America
Middle East and Africa
India and Asia Pacific
China
6.1.8.3 Availability of SUSTAINera 4R solutions on High-Voltage Batteries  
in the Regions
Regions REMAN REPAIR SECOND-LIFE RECYCLE
Enlarged Europe     
North America   
South America
Middle East and Africa
India and Asia Pacific
China  
218


Page 219:
6.2 VEHICLE IMPACT ON AIR QUALITY  
GRI 3-3
6.2.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #15 Vehicle impact on air quality
The effects of atmospheric pollutants on climate, ecosystems, natural habitats and agriculture as 
well as human and animal health are a major public concern. Reducing vehicle emissions necessitates 
substantial research and development investments on technologies by vehicle manufacturers which 
can have a direct impact on their financial performance and profitability. 
Given the frequent media coverage, such effects reflect an important reputational issue for automobile 
companies. Air quality and associated public health concerns have resulted in the introduction of local, 
state, country and international regulations to control atmospheric pollutant emissions in many areas 
of the world, including a wide variety of markets into which Stellantis sells its products.
In addition, there are a growing number of cities that impose traffic restrictions that inhibit certain 
vehicles’ operation, both by geography and by time of day. 
Stellantis continues its significant efforts to produce vehicles that comply with regulations and meet 
consumer demands, including the growing demands for sustainable mobility. This includes current and 
near-term plans to increase our portfolio of electrified vehicles. Stellantis is also developing advanced 
emission control technologies to minimize environmental impact of internal combustion engines. These 
combined actions support our goal of reducing emissions of our products.
Company’s public position
The Company is committed to continuing its longstanding efforts to reduce the environmental impact 
from our products, which at a minimum requires us to develop and produce vehicles that meet 
applicable emission standards worldwide. 
Stellantis supports efforts to cooperate with the relevant public institutions/governmental agencies 
in the review and improvement of regulations in order to reflect the improved technology while 
maintaining a reasonable balance between sound science, availability of technologies, consumer 
demand, societal benefits, and affordability.
The Company recognizes the role of public institutions and/or national and local governments 
supporting a green transition in electrified mobility including the use of government incentives to 
facilitate that transition.
6.2.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #15 Vehicle impact on air quality
VISION/AMBITION: Meaningfully reduce impact on air quality by focusing on development of a wide range of affordable Zero Emission Vehicles (ZEV)
OWNER: Chief Engineering Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
Share of ZEV* in global sales mix 
(focus on U.S. and EU)
EU: 34% of Passenger 
Cars
U.S.: 14% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks 
EU: 100% of Passenger 
Cars
U.S.: 50% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks
EU: 100% of Passenger 
Cars
U.S.: 100% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks
EU: 8% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: n.a. 
EU: 11.2% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: n.a.
EU: 11.9% of Passenger 
Cars
U.S.: n.a.
Percentage of nameplates with 
ZEV* offering (focus on U.S. and 
EU)
EU: 78% of Passenger 
Cars
U.S.: 59% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks
EU: 100% of Passenger 
Cars 
U.S.: 100% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks
EU: 100% of Passenger 
Cars 
U.S.: 100% of Passenger 
Cars + Light Duty Trucks
EU: 15% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: n.a.
EU: 14% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: n.a.
EU: 30% of Passenger Cars
U.S.: n.a.
*ZEV = Zero Emission Vehicles (Battery Electric Vehicles) 
219


Page 220:
6.2.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
6.2.3.1 Risks
Global emissions standards continue to become increasingly stringent. The Company is committed to 
working toward achieving the standards through innovation and development and is aware of the 
concerns regarding potential health issues. Stellantis is aware that there are risks associated with the 
changing requirements and associated costs related to the product development. Product environmental 
innovations are essential for the achievement of such standards. These innovations help prevent delayed 
vehicle launches and the associated financial risks. The annual risk of loss of revenue for Stellantis, 
according to internal estimates, is €1.3 to €2.6 billion due to unwanted delayed vehicle launches (based 
on number of vehicles sold, average price and hypothesis on delay in certification process).
The U.S. has the most stringent pollutant emission standards. However, with the introduction of the 
Real Driving Emission (RDE) regulations in Europe and other markets that borrow European Union 
regulations, the global emissions compliance standards are reducing ever closer to the U.S. standards. 
An example is the European Union’s (EU) adoption of Euro 6e, coupled with the expected introduction 
of Euro 7 standards from end of 2026 including new regulatory topic on non exhaust particulate 
emissions (brakes or tyres). In the U.S., the fleet emissions for light duty vehicles will be required to meet  
30 mg/mile of NOx and Non-Methane Organic Gases (NMOG) and the LEV IV ACC 2, Tier 4 regulations 
by 2026 including a more severe PM standard . Brazil will launch the PL8 emission standard in 2025. The 
release of the first draft of China 7 standards is projected end of 2024. 
Current and future regional emission standards
UNITED STATES EUROPE CHINA OTHER COUNTRIES
ALREADY 
COMPLIANT
California’s low 
emission Vehicle II 
(LEV II)
Euro 6d Real 
Driving Emission 
(RDE) standards
National Stage 6a 
(China 6a) LDV 
emission standards 
nationwide
India: Bharat Stage VI 
(BS VI) stage 1
Environmental 
protection Agency 
(EPA) Tier 2
Euro 6e Real 
Driving Emission 
(RDE) standard 
(September 2023)
National Stage 6b 
(China 6b) LDV 
emission standards 
in five cities and 
provinces
Brazil: Proconve L7
National Stage 6b 
(China 6b) LDV (July 
2023)
Argentina: Euro 5
South Korea: California 
LEV III for gasoline, 
Euro 6d RDE for diesel
Middle East: Standards 
based from Euro 2 to 
Euro 5
India: Bharat Stage VI 
(BS VI) stage 2 (April 
2023)
PHASE-IN  
FOR 
COMPLIANCE
California’s LEV III 
standards, closely 
aligned with EPA’s 
Tier 3 
Euro 6e-bis 
(January 2025)
Brazil Proconve L8 
(January 2025)
LEV IV ACC2, Tier 4 Euro 7
220


Page 221:
Main current and future expected regulations limits
EU Euro 7
China 6b
U.S. ULEV 50
U.S. SULEV 30
U.S. SULEV 20
EU Euro 7
China 6b
U.S.  
ULEV 
50
U.S. 
SULEV 
30
U. S. 
SULEV 
20
CO
mg/km
NOx
mg/km
NMOG 
mg/km
0 10
10
20
 30
40
50
60
20 30 40 502505007501,0001,250
70
60
For additional risk information refer to table Impacts of climate-related risks on Stellantis CSR issues  2.3.1  
(mg/km) NOx [mg/km] NMOG [mg/km] CO [mg/km]
U.S. SULEV* 20 12 622
U.S. SULEV 30 19 622
U.S. ULEV 50** 31 1,057
EU Euro 7*** 60 68 **** 1,000
China 6b 35 35 **** 500
* SULEV: Super Ultra Low Emission Vehicles
** ULEV: Ultra Low Emission Vehicles
*** Euro 7 data refers to the informal trilogue agreement on Decembre 18, 2023 (gasoline passenger cars) 
**** Non-Methane Hydrocarbons (NMHC) emissions
6.2.3.2 Opportunities
Air quality requirements can be seen as both business and reputation opportunities for Stellantis. 
Stellantis is continuing to improve the Company’s image and the image of the brands by providing 
vehicles with the advanced technologies that are required in the markets with the most stringent 
regulations, to other countries and markets. 
Opportunities to further develop the business and elevate the company’s image include:
 ■ Increase offerings of battery electric and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, as well as improved 
emissions for internal combustion engine vehicles. For instance, 11 battery electric and plug-in hybrid 
electric vehicles were launched in 2023 and 20 are expected to be launched in 2024
 ■ Develop hydrogen Internal Combustion Engines (ICE) solutions for Heavy and Light Duty Commercial vehicles
 ■ Extend the vehicle portfolio with fuel cell technology within LCV segment
 ■ Offer eFuels compatibility for 28 engine families in Europe
 ■ Support regulations improvements and incentives for market acceptance of low emission vehicles 
and vehicles with electrified powertrains. For instance, one vehicle under Euro 3 standards emits the 
same mass of particulate emissions as 100 vehicles under Euro 5-6
 ■ Develop a patent portfolio of technologies (electric heated catalyst)
 ■ Sell advanced engine technology licenses to competitors.
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY
Low Emission Vehicles (LEVs) generate significantly lower emissions compared to  
ICE vehicles. Therefore, the sale of LEVs enables Stellantis to be more readily compliant 
with emissions regulations worldwide, but especially notably in the EU, in the U.S., in 
China and Brazil). Indeed, increasingly stringent and complex regulations set emission 
caps for certain pollutants and define restricted traffic zones. Furthermore, the sale of 
LEVs engages a virtuous circle: it provides Stellantis with reputational benefits while 
responding to evolving customers’ expectations and governmental/public institutions 
focus on improving air quality. Increasing our customers’ demand and desire for our lower-
emitting and non-emitting vehicles reduces our overall impact on air quality. These are 
fundamental aspects of the rationale behind the company’s electrification policy. 
6.2.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS
Stellantis’ aim is to ensure compliance from technical and legal points of view, as well for governmental 
emission certification/ issuing of the type approval to allow our vehicles to be sold.
Employees involved in meeting compliance and regulations of emissions are expected to know and 
respect not only the requirements imposed by applicable laws and regulations, but also the applicable 
internal rules and processes we use to help achieve such compliance. To support this, employees have 
access to processes that use and make available information databases, technical and engineering 
guidelines, networks of meetings and governance, reference documents, and training materials.
Emission compliance committees, composed of engineering working groups, report emission 
compliance operation and policy decisions to the Global Technical Safety & Regulatory Compliance 
Manager and other Senior Management in Engineering, Planning, Legal, and related organizations. 
Those committees are in charge of tailpipe emissions, CO2 emissions, hybrid and battery-electric 
vehicles all-electric range, evaporative emissions, and On-Board Diagnostics (OBD).
221


Page 222:
These regional committees, all structured in the same manner, are autonomous and include core and 
contributing members, which are independent and cross-functional, and which allow them to make 
objective and well-researched decisions. Decisions are made by considering regulatory, technical and 
legal expertise. Some of the activities include review of technical policy, regulatory assumptions, design 
rules, program approvals, guidance on emission compliance questions and guidelines. If necessary, 
these regional committees inform the Global Technical Safety & Regulatory Compliance Manager and 
other relevant members of Senior Management. 
6.2.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY 
Stellantis is focused on making responsible and prudent environmental policy decisions that touch 
our vehicles’ timeline, from initial concept to product launch, as well as the “in-use” phase, when our 
products are in the hands of our customers.  2.5.1  for Stellantis electrification policy.
6.2.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES
Stellantis consistently makes R&D investments to improve vehicle tailpipe emissions quality and reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. These investments, around €2.2 billion in 2023 have led to worldwide 
development of technical solutions (electrification, etc.,) to improve reduction of fossil fuel consumption 
and pollutant emissions.
To develop new technologies, we adopted the Technology Readiness Level (TRL) process.  
This methodology provides a consistent and uniform assessment process to grade the technical 
maturity of different technologies. The levels of technical maturity are aligned with the Global Product 
Development Plan and maturity gate levels are achieved based on stakeholder reviews. 
6.2.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS
6.2.7.1 Improve air quality by reducing vehicle emissions
Effective technologies to minimize particulate matter emissions, both in particle numbers and 
mass, are optimized engine measures and the use of wall flow particulate filters. Particulate filters 
allow the screening of both fine and ultra-fine particulate matter. Depending on the fuel the result 
can achieve up to 99.7% by number and up to more than 95%19 by mass. The particulate filter is an 
effective mechanical system which is fully operational throughout the phases of engine operation and 
driving conditions.
With the introduction of the particulate filter in the late 1990s, particulate emissions on an average 
passenger vehicle plummeted from more than 3,500,000 particulates per cm3 in an unfiltered Internal 
Combustion Engine (ICE) to less than 3,500 particulates per cm3 in an ICE with a particulate filter.
19 Source: French Agency for the Environment and Energy Management (ADEME): particulate and NOx emissions 
by road vehicles – May 2018
Comparison of particulate emissions levels of an internal combustion engine 
fitted with a particulate filter
In 2023, 74.5% of ICE passenger cars (vs 74.5% in 2022) were sold with technology for particulate 
emissions to reach values lower than 1.9 mg per km (3 mg per mile) for both spark ignition and 
compression engines, which is lower than Euro 6 regulation limit.
We have developed and continue to improve the technology for a high performing filter for spark ignition 
engines to further reduce ultrafine particles from gasoline engines. The technology development takes 
into account the new constraints resulting from powertrain electrification. After the European launch, 
this technology can be introduced in other markets.
Also, Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) emissions are minimized adopting different technologies for ICE: Three 
Way Catalyst, Selective Catalytic Reduction and Ammonia Storage Catalyst are the main technologies 
for vehicle applications around the world.
To reduce vapor emissions from fuel systems, also known as Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) and 
to fulfil more stringent regulations in main markets such as EU, China and U.S., Stellantis continuously 
seeks to improve technology for our evaporative emission control system.
To anticipate future regulations (in particular Euro 7), Stellantis is working on non-exhaust  
particle emissions such as brake particle emissions with new hard coating disk and pad technologies.  
In parallel, improved recuperative braking systems are being studied to reduce further brake particle 
emissions.
Because compliance with emission requirements in all global markets is our primary goal, we continue 
to engineer and implement improved and newly-developed advanced emission control technologies 
in order to achieve that in markets with the most stringent emission regulations, such as the U.S. and 
Europe. Moreover, we anticipate this can confer additional clean air benefits in other markets in which 
such improved and advanced technologies may be deployed as well.
< 1,500
Clean  
(mountain) 
air
< 3,500
Air from an ICE 
fitted with a 
particulate filter
4,000
Clean-
room  
air
from 10,000 
to 40,000
Air near a 
busy road
from 50,000 
to 60,000
Cigarette 
smoke
Air in 
traffic
from 100,000 
to 1,000,000
“Dirty” 
industrial site
Number of particles per cm3
222


Page 223:
6.3 INDUSTRIAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
FOOTPRINT 
Stellantis’ environmental stewardship endeavors to reduce our environmental footprint and in 
parallel to contribute to the Company’s success by reducing production costs. Through the adoption 
of a lean, smart and increasingly digital operating model, a commitment to sustainable innovation, 
and the direct participation of employees, we achieve consistent improvements in environmental 
performance at our manufacturing operations.
6.3.1 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS
As outlined in  1.3.2 , the function of the ESG Committee is to assist and advise the Board of Directors 
and act under authority delegated by the Board of Directors with respect to globally monitoring, 
evaluation and reporting on the sustainable policies and practices, management standards, strategy, 
performance and governance globally of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Accountable members of the Top Executive Team are supporting the CSR commitments. The Executive 
Vice-President (EVP) Manufacturing is responsible for:
 ■ Industrial and sites carbon footprint  2.6 
 ■ Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing processes (including waste)  6.4 
 ■ Control of industrial discharges and nuisances  6.5 
 ■ Sustainable water management  6.6 
 ■ Protection of biodiversity  6.7 
In this role, the EVP of Manufacturing validates the CSR vision, ambitions and targets for these CSR 
issues/challenges and is responsible for their achievement. To ensure Stellantis is working towards 
these ambitions, we monitor our performance against CSR targets using global KPIs. 
Although our Manufacturing facilities are the main contributors among our company’s sites to the 
CSR performance, our CSR scope comprises additional Research and Development facilities including 
proving grounds, offices, IT / warehouse / logistics centers and retail facilities that based on their sizes 
and operations are considered to have an environmental impact. Therefore, the EVP Manufacturing 
liaises with EVP Research and Development, EVP Sales/Marketing and EVP HR & Transformation on 
the environmental performance of these areas.
CSR performance is reviewed on a monthly basis and appropriate actions decided with regional 
leadership. The EVPs of the Regions together with the Manufacturing officers are responsible to develop 
their plans and implement actions to meet the CSR targets. On an annual basis, the plant managers of our 
production facilities are expected to prepare site-specific plans including targets, actions and necessary 
investments to meet our environmental CSR commitments. They are responsible for the environmental 
performance of their plant. By a new oversight process Stellantis verifies that local plant performance 
targets meet corporate commitments. Starting from 2022, individual plant targets for following years 
are calculated and proposed to each plant considering current performance status, local environmental 
infrastructure and business opportunities. Plants revise proposals, decide their targets and develop 
action plans with clearly defined measures and its resulting performance improvements. The regional 
Environmental Central Departments (ECD) monitor compliance with the regional targets.
The ECD helps facilities with legal compliance and supports the local Environmental Management 
Systems (EMS) by developing efficiencies and common standards. The ECD oversees and manages the 
quality of the EMS through audits and status reviews. ECD conducts strategic cross functional planning 
for reducing the environmental impact and manages the target setting process. ECD evaluates and 
shares best practices with the plants to encourage continuous improvement.
Continuous improvement of our environmental performance is an essential element of our policy and a 
common key task for sites and central functions. Environmental performance is fully integrated into the 
Stellantis Production Way (SPW), which is the  Manufacturing System of Stellantis. This performance 
is tracked with the main manufacturing KPIs by a standardized global manufacturing KPI scorecard 
process, reviewed by management, EVP Manufacturing, the heads of the various production segments 
(“Cluster Heads”) and Plant Managers. Monthly leadership performance status reviews on a local and 
global level helps effectiveness of implemented measures and improves the environmental footprint 
according to the strategic plan.
6.3.2 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY 
6.3.2.1 Environmental and Energy Policy
In December 2022 we published the Stellantis corporate Environment and Energy Policy 20, which was 
developed with input from cross functional divisions reflecting contributions of the various functions 
to the Stellantis environmental performance. This policy describes how we protect the environment, 
provides guidance for our operations and employees and includes commitments required by ISO 
standards for environmental and energy management systems. The environmental policy is approved 
by Stellantis executive management.
6.3.2.2 An active ISO 14001 certification policy
An important Company commitment is to implement Environmental Management Systems. The 
systems meet the international standard ISO 14001, a recognized standard for management and 
organization. By using this approach, we have implemented a common environmental strategy 
to identify the material environmental aspects of each site, reduce the environmental impact, draft 
procedures and standards, drive regulatory compliance and strive for continual improvement – the 
foundation of our environmental protection. 
An environmental management system is in place at 93% of our production facilities (versus 92% in 
2022). In addition to the production facilities, three Research and Development (Engineering) centers 
and 24 spare part warehouses globally have ISO 14001 certified Environmental Management System 
implemented.
20 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/sustainability/environmental-stewardship-of-
manufacturing-operations/Stellantis-Environmental-Energy-Policy.pdf
 99%
vehicles produced in ISO 
14001 certified plants
 96%
employees working in ISO 
14001 certified plants
 93%
plants ISO 14001  
certified
223


Page 224:
6.3.3 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES
6.3.3.1 Managing Environmental Compliance and Performance with the Stellantis 
Production Way (SPW)
Stellantis Production Way (SPW) is our manufacturing system that applies to production processes and 
facilities. The system includes references to standardized tools, guidance documents and processes, 
which translate abstract requirements into tangible actions for production. SPW consists of two-
managerial and 10-technical domains, one of which is environment. At the heart of the environment 
domain our master fundamental “Managing Environmental Compliance and Performance” provides the 
framework for our mission to:
 ■ comply with laws and regulations
 ■ achieve environmental performance though continual improvement
 ■ maintain an environmental management system
 ■ minimize use of energy and raw materials, strive for zero waste, zero VOC emissions, zero GHG 
emissions, zero water withdrawal for industrial activities and minimize emissions to water, air 
and soil
 ■ enhance biodiversity and preserve natural habitats 
 ■ encourage engagement and motivation of employees 
 ■ be an environmentally conscious neighbor in the community .
The following list shows some of the benefits of applying the SPW environment domain into our 
production processes: 
 ■ promotes visibility for environmental management responsibilities and tasks 
 ■ fosters understanding of environmental matters
 ■ increases efficiency and reduces costs due to standardized processes and tools
 ■ improves and aligns quality of environmental management
 ■ integrates ISO 14001 standard elements following the Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) cycle
 ■ links with compliance management and oversight.
As part of SPW, we use global Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to track plants’ environmental 
performance against the targets. In 2022, we moved to one global software system for monthly 
performance reporting which enables internal benchmarking through consistent data management. 
Trends are evaluated for each KPI and shared with leadership in regular reports. KPI statistics are 
used to identify performance gaps and to determine the plants that need additional focused support 
through workshops. Best performing facilities are considered a source of Best Practices. They share 
their processes between plants regionally and globally, if applicable.
Stellantis defined a Green Factory KPI based on the materiality matrix which consolidates the six KPIs 
including, CO2, waste volume and recovery rate, VOC emissions, water consumption, and biodiversity 
into one KPI. This approach references the Stellantis 2050 environmental performance targets and 
provide an index that shows the performance to the target for operating facilities. 
6.3.3.2 Environmental resources  GRI 413-2
Stellantis operations aim to achieve compliance with local regulations, and beyond compliance we seek to 
safeguard the surrounding environment and the quality of life in our host communities. To meet our objectives, 
we defined the role of the environmental specialist as a key function that requires specific competence and 
training. The role is standardized globally by job description outlining the technical and social skills required. 
As part of the Stellantis Production Way there are skill evaluations and standardized trainings conducted for 
team leaders, supervisors and experts. We are reviewing training programs to expand to management level 
offerings. Training courses will include face-to-face sessions, experience sharing opportunities and e-learning. 
Courses and training session attendance and requirements are tracked.
Our environmental specialists are supported by a network of nominated environmental representatives 
from the key operational functions including, but not limited to, press shop, body shop, paint shop, general 
assembly and facility management. Most of the plants also include environmental service providers such 
as the waste manager in the supporting network. The environmental representatives are responsible 
to help ensure compliance with applicable regulation and for implementing the environmental policy, 
which includes managing the Environmental Management System (EMS) in compliance with ISO 14001 
standards. They are also responsible for supporting the CSR activities at the facility level.
6.4 OPTIMIZATION OF MATERIAL  
CYCLES IN MANUFACTURING PROCESSES  
(INCLUDING WASTE)  
GRI 3-3
6.4.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION  GRI 306-1
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #16 Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing 
processes (including waste)
Stellantis continues its development of a circular economy and industrial processes that allow us to 
reduce the usage of raw materials  6.1.1 . This also includes material reuse, recovery and recycling. 
The processes are intended to avoid wasting natural resources and using only the quantity of raw 
materials necessary. By encouraging the use of recovery and recycling opportunities, this strategy also 
extends into waste management, striving for minimal environmental impact and our goal of zero waste 
to landfill. 
Company’s public position 
Stellantis stands by the waste management goals defined by UN Global Compact. Additionally, as 
part of the ISO 14001 certification obtained by most of our plants, we are committed to develop and 
implement continuous improvements in environmental areas, including waste management. Stellantis 
strives to recycle what cannot be reused. If neither reuse nor recovery is possible, waste is disposed 
according to applicable law with the aim of impacting the environment as little as possible.
224


Page 225:
6.4.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #16 Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing processes (including waste)
VISION/AMBITION: Design industrial processes that allow minimal use of raw materials and ensure 100% waste recycling in local loops of circular economy
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Total waste normalized (kg/vehicle 
produced)
40 kg/vehicle produced 36 kg/vehicle produced 22.5 kg/vehicle produced 48.15 kg/vehicle produced21 47.43 kg/vehicle produced 47.94 kg/vehicle produced 
Percentage of waste recovered out 
of total waste generated.
84% 90% 100% 80% 81% 83%
Percentage of plants with Zero 
Waste Sent to Landfill
65% 75% 100% 61% 65% 64%
21 Revised from 2021 Annual Report in the Non-Financial Information section
6.4.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES  GRI 306-1
6.4.3.1 Risks
Stellantis identified some risks and has implemented several actions and initiatives to mitigate them.
 ■ Potential business risk:
 ● Raw materials constraints and increasing supply cost due to material scarcity.
 ● Packaging material represents approximately 51% of waste generated at our production facilities. 
Global sourcing due to cost pressure, favors the usage of one-way packaging that ends-up as 
waste at our plants. 
 ● Stellantis has responsibility for hazardous and non-hazardous waste through final disposal of 
waste. Third-party service providers such as waste contractors or waste treatment and disposal 
facilities that fail to comply with transport or other waste regulations may result in fines or legal 
prosecution for Stellantis.
 ■ Potential operational risk:
 ● Emerging contaminants, e.g., Persistent Organic Pollutants (POP), may limit recycling options and 
therefore limit our disposal methods. 
 ● More stringent regulations, including concentration limits, quotas, and bans, may force us to use 
expensive treatment methods or increase waste segregation costs.
 ● Lack of local waste treatment facilities may lead to waste being shipped long distances at higher 
costs and an increased dependency on service providers.
 ● Landfills located close to production facilities compete economically with waste recovery facilities 
located in greater distances. Unfavorable business cases may limit the ability of our plants to 
achieve or maintain zero waste to landfill status.
 ■ Potential reputation risk:
 ● Stellantis being held responsible for failures of third-party waste service providers that violate 
contractual obligations for example by illegally dumping waste. Even if Stellantis fulfilled all its 
obligations, this may lead to media attention resulting in impact to brand value and customer 
defection.
 ● Stellantis being alleged to be responsible for pollution to the environment by continuing landfilling 
instead of using recovery. This may result in impact to brand value, customer defection and loss 
of profit.
225


Page 226:
6.4.3.2 Opportunities  GRI 306-2
Stellantis identified opportunities and has implemented several actions to seize them.
 ■ Opportunities for the business:
 ● Shifting the focus from waste management to resource management. This offers the opportunity 
to view waste materials as secondary raw material and unlock their value by transforming costs 
into revenue. Best practice sharing may help identify other industries interested in using these 
secondary raw materials.
 ● To standardize waste contracts that include flexibility to react on fluctuating costs or volumes and 
require key performance improvement indicators for service providers to support our targets of 
waste reduction, increased recovery rate and zero waste to landfill. 
 ● Base decisions on a full life cycle cost view for packaging materials that includes phases from 
purchasing to waste disposal.
 ● To reduce waste handling costs and improve recyclability, set standards for packaging materials 
that avoid composite materials and favor materials that are easy to separate. Reduce complexity 
and variety of materials used to have less waste fractions but higher volumes, which may lead to 
better disposal prices or even revenues.
 ■ Opportunity for operational management:
 ● Set standards for contractor management and auditing of waste service providers to control risks 
related to compliance failures. 
 ● Make use of new ideas and technologies, for instance working with start-ups to improve the 
quality of waste sorting, optimizing flows or identifying options for reuse or usage as secondary 
raw material. This may lead to establishing local circular material loops. 
 ● Minimize usage of hazardous substances to decrease hazardous waste which reduces the costs 
of waste treatment and disposal.
 ● Reuse waste as secondary raw material on-site or with external partners.
 ■ Opportunities for reputation: 
 ● Become an industry major player in circular economy reducing the impact for the environment 
and improving brand image and sales.
 ● Reaching 100% waste recovery as a sustainable waste management practice to support the 
reputation of the Company.
6.4.4 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS
Our waste management processes seek to avoid and reduce the generation of waste in our operational 
processes. If we cannot avoid waste being generated, we attempt to recover material rather than 
dispose waste in landfills, which may have a long-term negative impact on the environment. Like other 
industries, vehicle manufacturing generates waste that needs to be managed and preferably recovered 
in local loops to reduce the need for raw materials.
6.4.4.1 Main achievements on waste management  SASB-440b.1  GRI 306-2
In 2023, Stellantis generated 329,248 tons of waste (versus 302,858 tons in 2022) of which 301,595 
tons (versus 273.597 tons in 2022) were generated at manufacturing sites and 27,653 tons (versus  
29,261 tons in 2022) from retail activities.
Total waste by disposal type in % and tons   2023    2022    2021
Recycling
72% 236,632 tons
70% 212,333 tons
68% 206,656 tons
Energy 
recovery
11% 37,639 tons
12% 34,882 tons
14% 42,215 tons
Incineration 
2% 6,258 tons
2% 6,556 tons
2% 7,310 tons
Landfilling
11% 34,735 tons
11% 34,731 tons
12% 37,198 tons
Other 
Treatment
4% 13,984 tons
5% 14,356 tons
4% 12,089 tons
Total waste generated includes only material that we discard resulting from our operations. 
Therefore, we exclude waste generated in demolishing, building or remediation activities, which 
are not part of our operations. In 2023, waste generated from such projects added up to 43,577 tons 
in total versus 34,263 tons in 2022. In addition, we exclude metal waste and some wastes that are 
specific for foundries to enable better comparison of data with other automobile manufacturers.  
In 2023, the total amount of metal waste summed up to 1,151,096 tons versus 1,057,057 tons in 2022 
of which 100% were recycled. The excluded waste types coming from our foundries added up to 
90,171 tons versus 218,057 in 2022 and consisted predominately of foundry sands, the majority of 
which are regenerated or reused on site.
226


Page 227:
In 2023, we generated 59,160 tons of hazardous waste (versus 55,603 tons in 2022) , which represents 
18% of total waste generated (as in 2022). The manufacturing activities generated 97% of the hazardous 
waste and retail activities 3%.
Total hazardous and non-hazardous waste percentage with breakdown by activity
   2023    2022    2021
For our manufacturing activities, in 2023, 301,595 tons of waste were generated, the normalized 
total waste generated was  47.94 kg/vehicle produced versus 47.43 kg/vehicle produced in 2022. This 
represents an increase of 0.51 kg/vehicle compared to 2022. 
This result currently falls short of our internal target of 44.08 kg/vehicle. The main reason for this is the 
increased amount of packaging waste due in-part to increased electrification of our portfolio.
The normalized hazardous waste was 9.09 kg/vehicle versus 9.28 kg/vehicle in 2022.
Although multiple factors such as production volume and the usage or avoidance of one-way packaging 
are significantly influencing waste performance of a production facility, we compare our production 
plants to identify the best performers and share their best practices.
In 2023, the best performing vehicle assembly plant was Mangualde Assembly Plant (Portugal) with 
15.63 kg of waste per vehicle produced. 45% of our vehicle assembly plants performed better than our 
medium-term target of 36 kg waste per vehicle produced.
Our percentage of waste recovered out of total waste generated in 2023 was 83%, which represents 
an improvement of 2% compared to 2022. The result is in line with our internal target of 82% for 2023 
and shows continuous improvement compared to the 2021 and 2022 results. Waste recovered includes 
all recycled waste and waste that is incinerated with energy recovery.
In 2023, we landfilled 34,735 tons of waste, which represents 11% of our total waste generated, versus 
34,731 tons in 2022, (11% of our total waste generated). 
Non-hazardous 
Waste 
Manufacturing
74%
73%
69%
Non-hazardous 
Waste Retail
8%
9%
10%
Hazardous 
Waste 
Manufacturing 
17%
17%
20%
Hazardous 
Waste Retail
1%
1%
1%
64% of all the active plants (versus 65% in 2022), qualified as zero waste to landfill facilities, which 
means that no waste was landfilled unless required by applicable law.
If waste is disposed in a landfill, that waste is not available as secondary raw material; for those reasons 
landfilling contradicts our waste disposal commitments. In some jurisdictions, however, local law 
requires us to landfill our waste.
The waste streams with the biggest volumes generated at the Manufacturing facilities consists of the 
following:
 ■ packaging waste (wood, cardboard and plastics);
 ■ paint operations waste (paint sludge, purge solvents);
 ■ municipal waste;
 ■ wastewater treatment system waste (sludge, oil or water emulsions).
Waste derived from Retail activities consists of municipal waste. Depending on the specific activity, the 
waste generated is:
 ■ warehouse packaging waste; 
 ■ municipal waste from offices; 
 ■ oil and lubricant waste from dealerships with workshops and maintenance activities.
6.4.4.2 Main initiatives on waste management  GRI 306-2
As outlined in section  6.4.3 , the challenges impacting waste generation may require strategic 
decisions by Global Purchasing and Supply Chain or Engineering, and other risks may be addressed 
by operational measures. We apply our best practice in the support of our facilities’ waste avoidance, 
reduction, recycling, reuse, or finding more environmentally friendly disposal methods. Some examples 
of successful initiatives to reduce waste generation or improve recovery are listed below:
6.4.4.2.1 Initiatives to increase waste reduction and avoidance:  GRI 301-2
 ■ Packaging waste reduction: packaging materials play an important role in waste generation and 
represents roughly 51% of the total waste generated. The main waste streams are wood, cardboard, 
plastics and mixed fractions. Reducing the generation of packaging waste requires cross-functional 
efforts by multiple functions such as supply chain, purchasing, quality and manufacturing. New 
vehicle projects require early planning for the packaging materials. The planning includes determining 
where the materials come from, and which materials should be used in order to limit and control 
waste generated at plants. To support decisions, a series of workshops were conducted in 2021 by 
central functions and environmental engineers from different European production sites. A list was 
generated that includes preferred packaging materials and ones we would want to avoid. Additional 
value was created by generating less waste streams with higher volumes that have a positive impact 
on recycling options and prices. This list of materials was incorporated into the standard packaging 
specifications used by Global Purchasing and Supply Chain in their procurement processes. 
227


Page 228:
 ■ Reuse of industrial assets: in our global manufacturing facilities we reuse industrial assets across 
facilities such as machining and production equipment to avoid waste and use resources in a 
sustainable way. To enable reuse, we adapted equipment for different process needs, transferred 
them to other Stellantis facilities or sold them to other companies. In 2023, we transferred more than 
8,500 assets globally, by these practices.
 ■ Waste generation avoidance: 
 ● at our powertrain plant, Szentgotthard (Hungary), several improvements of cleaning activities 
and the optimization of the washing machines runtime, led to an annual reduction of oily rag 
and filter material of approximately 10 tons annually. Additionally, due to the reuse of emulsion 
collected in our technological exhaust air systems and the emulsions from the chip centrifuge, we 
reduced the amount of oily wastewater resulting in an annual waste reduction of approximately 
19 tons;
 ● at our vehicle plant, Palomar (Argentina), improvements in the dewatering process for paint 
sludge in the paint shop have resulted in an annual reduction of around 135 tons of paint sludge 
and at our Saltillo Truck Assembly Plant (Mexico) to a paint sludge reduction of approximately 
40 tons annually. At our Saltillo South engine plant (Mexico), the implementation of a sludge 
dewatering process leads to an annual industrial sludge reduction of about 24 tons;
 ● at our vehicle plant, Melfi (Italy), we have optimized the service life of our sealing material. This 
measure enables us to avoid around 120 tons of waste annually.
 ■ Increasing reuse: at our vehicle assembly plant, Betim (Brazil), we implemented together with one 
supplier a returnable process for cardboard packaging. Suitable cardboard boxes are collected in 
special return containers and shipped to the supplier. This cardboard box reuse reduced our waste 
by approximately 260 tons annually. Additionally, we identified third parties that reuse fabrics such 
as gloves, knitwear, and work suits. Up to 1,980 tons of fabrics that was previously incinerated can 
now be reused; 
 ■ Pallet reuse: We have rolled out a global best practice for reusing wooden pallets, which has been 
currently implemented in over 70% of our manufacturing plants. Some examples of successful plants 
initiatives to reuse wooden pallets are listed below: 
 ● at our Mopar Retail sites (U.S.) we identified third parties that reuse wooden one-way pallets. 
Up to 12,400 tons of wooden pallets annually that were previously recycled can now be reused. 
 ● At our vehicle assembly plant in Luton (UK) we sell wooden pallets to a new provider who reuse 
used wooden pallets. Up to 400 tons of wood waste are reduced each year.
 ● By reusing pallets at the Italian plants involved, we reduced recycled waste by approximately 
3,000 tons annually.
 ● At our South American plants, we reuse more than 7,500 tons of wooden pallets annually.
6.4.4.2.2 Initiatives to improve waste recovery GRI 306-4
Improving waste segregation and recovery:
 ■ at our Etobicoke casting plant (U.S.), we found a solution for approximately 51 tons of formally 
landfilled municipal waste which is now disposed of as incineration with energy recovery; 
 ■ at our Toluca vehicle plant (Mexico) the wastewater treatment sludge was being sent to landfill. 
Wastewater treatment sludge was switched over to waste-to-energy at the end of 2023, allowing 
our Toluca plant to improve waste recovery and diverting approximately 13 tons of sludge in 2023 
and anticipation of 340 tons of sludge annually from next year based on lean volume projections;
 ■ at our Warren Stamping Plant (U.S.) we improved waste segregation by setting up cardboard 
accumulation areas throughout the plant. A dumpster was brought onsite and is specifically to be 
used for cardboard. Up to 35 tons annually of cardboard have been sent for recycling and diverted 
from the landfill.
228


Page 229:
6.4.5 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  GRI 306-3  GRI 306-4  GRI 306-5
6.4.5.1 Total waste generated from operation by disposal type   SASB-440b.1
Waste generated (tons)
Recovered
Incinerated 
(w/o energy recovery) Landfilled
Treated (disposal 
other than recovery, 
incineration, landfilled)
Total Waste  
GeneratedYear Recycled Energy recovered
Manufacturing
Enlarged Europe
2023 128,445 16,175 5,436 1,035 11,666 162,756
2022 114,386 13,371 5,859 1,452 12,752 147,820
2021 107,559 17,964 6,779 4,851 11,153 148,306
North America
2023 48,784 4,892 169 28,114 444 82,404
2022 39,228 4,424 38 28,976 485 73,151
2021 37,710 4,327 124 27,427 422 70,010
South America
2023 28,536 14,056 598 2,451 1,589 47,230
2022 29,121 12,745 618 1,662 822 44,968
2021 30,775 15,639 385 2,032 131 48,962
Middle East & Africa
2023 3,976 1,301 2 595 - 5,874
2022 2,971 1,288 - 463 - 4,722
2021 2,788 880 - 540 - 4,209
China and India &  
Asia Pacific
2023 3,145 132 53 1 - 3,331
2022 2,818 78 40 - - 2,936
2021 1,993 97 22 251 - 2,363
Total Manufacturing 2023 212,886 36,556 6,257 32,197 13,699 301,595
2022 188,523 31,906 6,555 32,553 14,059 273,597
2021 180,825 38,907 7,310 35,101 11,706 273,850
Retail 2023 23,747 1,083 - 2,538 285 27,653
2022 23,810 2,976 1 2,177 297 29,261
2021 25,831 3,308 - 2,097 383 31,618
Total waste generated 2023 236,632 37,639 6,258 34,735 13,984 329,248
2022 212,333 34,882 6,556 34,731 14,356 302,858
2021 206,656 42,215 7,310 37,198 12,089 305,46822 
Waste by category (%) 2023 72% 11% 2% 11% 4% 100%
2022 70% 12% 2% 11% 5% 100%
2021 68% 14% 2% 12% 4% 100%
22 Revised from 2021 Annual Report in the Non-Financial Information section
229


Page 230:
6.4.5.2 Additional waste streams from operation excluded from total waste generated
  2023    2022    2021
218,057 tons
174,474 tons
Foundry-
specific waste
90,171 tons
Metal waste 
1,151,096 tons
1,057,057 tons
1,053,388 tons
6.4.5.3 Total hazardous waste generated from operations by disposal type   
Hazardous waste generated  
(tons)
recovered
incinerated 
(w/o energy recovery) landfilled
treated (disposal 
other than recovery, 
incineration, landfilled) Total Waste GeneratedYear recycled energy recovered
Manufacturing
Enlarged Europe
2023 22,882 5,795 3,942 230 9,741 42,591
2022 21,954 4,235 3,822 264 9,125 39,400
2021 20,69 8,881 5,434 326 10,225 45,556
North America
2023 2,815 1,809 154 603 18 5,399
2022 3,076 2,030 23 543 20 5,692
2021 3,529 2,077 44 976 51 6,677
South America
2023 1,893 4,509 341 14 751 7,509
2022 1,843 4,327 341 - 389 6,900
2021 2,112 5,294 292 17 85 7,800
Middle East & Africa
2023 60 1,236 2 - - 1,298
2022 27 1,221 - - - 1,247
2021 8 867 - - - 875
China and India &  
Asia Pacific
2023 188 132 53 1 - 373
2022 155 78 40 - - 273
2021 164 97 22 251 - 534
Total Manufacturing 2023 27,839 13,481 4,491 848 10,510 57,170
2022 27,055 11,891 4,226 807 9,534 53,512
2021 26,504 17,216 5,792 1,57 10,361 61,442
Retail 2023 1,990
2022 2,091
2021 2,251
Total hazardous waste generated 2023 59,160
2022 55,603
2021 63,693
 2023    2022    2021
230


Page 231:
6.4.5.4 Percentage of plants with Zero Waste Sent to Landfill
  2023    2022    2021 
Enlarged 
Europe 86%
83%
North 
America 17%
21%
South 
America 75%
58%
Middle East 
& Africa 67%
67%
China and 
India & 
Asia Pacific
100%
33%
Total 65%
61%
83%
19%
82%
67%
67%
64%
6.5 CONTROL OF INDUSTRIAL DISCHARGES  
AND NUISANCES  
GRI 3-3
6.5.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #17 Control of industrial discharges and nuisances
Stellantis understands that automotive production uses substances and processes that generate air 
emissions that could potentially affect air quality, natural environments and the quality of life in the 
vicinity of our plants. We monitor and control air emissions such as Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC), 
that are derived from solvent use in paint processes, Sulfur Dioxide (SO2), Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) and 
Particulate Matter, that are the result of combustion processes (for example, burning fossil fuels for 
energy generation or heating purposes) and Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) that leaked from 
refrigeration and air conditioning equipment in our plants and offices. Nuisances could also occur in 
the form of noise or odor generated by industrial processes or accidental releases of chemicals with 
potential impact on other environmental media such as soil or water, or on human health.
We are implementing processes to limit and reduce air emissions, including the post-processing of 
residual emissions, noise and odor level monitoring and substitution of hazardous substances with 
non-hazardous ones where appropriate and feasible.
Company’s public position 
We are committed to compliance with environmental regulations in the areas that we operate. 
Stellantis is developing and implementing processes for consistent improvement and for controlling its 
environmental impact. Stellantis strives for zero VOC emissions through improvements of treatment 
processes. 
231


Page 232:
6.5.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #17 Control of industrial discharges and nuisances
VISION/AMBITION: Implement state of the art technical solutions to prevent industrial activities from causing nuisances to the surrounding areas
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Volatile Organic Compounds 
(VOC) emissions from paint shops 
normalized (g/m2 painted).
25 g/m2 painted 25 g/m2 painted Ambition of 0 g/m2 
painted
24.95 g/m2 painted 24.25 g/m2 painted 23.46 g/m2 painted
6.5.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
6.5.3.1 Risks
Stellantis identified some risks and has implemented several actions and initiatives to mitigate them.
 ■ Potential business risks:
 ● Stellantis is dependent on future technologies to accomplish the aspirational goal of zero VOC 
emissions in painting processes.
 ● Today, approximately 37% of our vehicles are produced in solvent-based paint shops. High 
production volumes allocated to these plants increase our global VOC emissions. To convert 
existing solvent-based paint into water-based paint, we estimated an investment cost of several 
hundred million euros. 
 ● Increasing demands by authorities for provisions and guarantees to cover clean-up costs of end-
of-life real estate assets. 
 ● Higher premiums to cover the insurance costs of accidental spills and releases.
 ■ Potential operational risks:
 ● Meeting more stringent regulatory emission factors could require adapting operational processes 
or replacing materials. 
 ● Reducing VOC emissions by combustion, determines increased exhaust gases and energy usage. Such 
combustion processes usually negatively contribute to CO2 emissions and also increases NOx emissions.
 ● Residential development surrounding our facilities may be impacted by noise, light or other emissions. 
 ■ Potential reputational risks:
 ● Failure to meet customer expectations of minimal effect on the environment from our products 
and production.
 ● Accidental releases may cause significant legal and clean-up costs, loss of trust by neighboring 
communities, damage to company reputation, brand image and sales. 
6.5.3.2 Opportunities
Stellantis identified opportunities and has implemented several actions to seize them.
 ■ Opportunities for the business:
 ● Opportunities to work with suppliers to develop and test new painting methods and equipment, 
such as low overspray technology.
 ● Minimize the risk for accidental releases by implementing pollution control measures such 
as an equipment maintenance and repair program, enhancing operational procedures in our 
environmental management systems. 
 ■ Opportunities for operational management:
 ● Implement efficiency measures and process optimization including improved cleaning processes 
and batch painting which reduce usage of solvents and produce less emissions.
 ● Reduction of solvent emissions by using solvent-free or low solvents.
 ● Replace manual painting operations with automatic painting processes, which use less paint and 
generate less overspray, thereby reducing VOC emissions and paint sludge.
 ● Limit the nuisances to people and the environment by managing the chemicals used on site e.g., 
control or eliminate substances that causes odor nuisances.
 ■ Opportunities for reputation:
 ● Enhance relationships, social acceptance to operate and brand value by maintaining or improving 
air and soil quality and reducing noise and odor in the neighboring communities.
 ● Demonstrate transparency by disclosing information to authorities and to the public in case of 
accidental harmful releases in the environment.
232


Page 233:
6.5.4 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS
6.5.4.1 Reducing air emissions  GRI 305-6  GRI 305-7  
Besides industrial Carbon Dioxide (CO2) emissions  2.6 , Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC), Sulfur 
Dioxide (SO2), Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Particulate Matter (PM), and Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) 
are air emissions generated by Stellantis facilities. These emissions result from the usage of chemical 
products in painting operations, surface treatment activities, foundry processes, dust collectors, and 
from burning fossil fuels in heating and VOC abatement processes.
 ■ Reducing Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) emissions 
VOCs require environmental controls to reduce the impact on air quality. Some VOCs are harmful to 
human beings and the environment, some come from natural sources and others are human made. 
In most jurisdictions, regulations are in place to limit and control industrial VOC emissions.
The majority of VOC emissions generated in our manufacturing operations come from vehicle painting 
operations or surface treatment processes. VOCs are significant constituents in the formulation of paints 
and cleaning materials used in paint shops. Even though paint shops using waterborne base coats 
contribute to our VOC emissions, paint shops with solvent-based base coats are the highest contributors. 
We classify our paint shops in paint shop families according to the categories mentioned in the 
Best Available Technique reference (BREF) for the Surface Treatment using organic Solvents (STS 
BREF). In 2023 approximately 37% of our vehicles were produced in solvent based paint shops, 27% 
in solvent mix paint shops and 36% in water based paint shops.
In 2023, we emitted 23.46 g/m2 painted surface versus 24.25 g/m2 in 2022 or 2.68 kg/vehicle produced 
versus 2.71 in 2022. This represents a reduction of 0.79 g/m2 versus 2022. The result is in line with our 
internal target of 25 g/m2 for 2023.
The best performing vehicle assembly plant was Windsor Assembly Plant with 5.81 g/m2. However, 
approximately 62% of our vehicle assembly plants performed better than our medium-term target 
of 25 g/m2. 
We focus our actions on reducing VOC emissions, efficiency measures, reducing consumption of 
paints and their solvent content, implementing low-emission technologies and installing air treatment 
equipment for incinerating VOCs. Measures for recycling and reuse of solvents for cleaning purposes 
are ongoing.
The following selected examples illustrate our efforts to reduce VOC emissions:
 ● At our vehicle plant in Melfi (Italy), we improved the technical cleaning of the paint shop with 
approximately 600 kg annual VOC emissions reduction.
 ● At our assembly plant in Pomigliano (Italy), improvements to the underbody of the Fiat Tonale 
have enabled us to reduce sealing consumption and thus reduces VOC emissions. This, combined 
with the optimization of the paint shop robots painting process reduces VOC emissions by up to 
2.1 g/m2 compared to 2022.
 ● At our vehicle plants in Pomigliano (Italy) and in Melfi (Italy), we also reduced VOC emissions 
using new e-coat materials with improved properties and lower VOC content resulting in annual 
savings of around 0.13 g/m2 for Pomigliano and of around 0.11 g/m 2 for Melfi which also use a 
sealer material with a lower VOC content.
 ● At our vehicle plant in Luton (UK), the paint shop team have optimized the topcoat process for 
black paint. This has resulted in approximately annual saving of 3,000 kg of VOC emissions, which 
is the equivalent to 0.30 g/m2 reduction.
 ● In the paint shop of our vehicle plant in Atessa (Italy), the robotic interior painting for white paint 
was optimized. This results in a lower paint consumption and reduces VOC emissions by up to 
0.33 g/m2 compared to 2022.
 ● At our vehicle plant in Goiana (Brazil), we reduced VOC emissions using a new base coat purging 
solvent with zero VOC content. In addition, with solvent recovery activities and an improved 
purging process in the paint shop this reduces VOC emissions by up to 0.34 g/m2 annually.
Stellantis invests in research and development for new paints and paint technologies. Progress has 
been made to increase the solid content of the white paint on commercial vehicles, which allows the 
reduction of the amount of solvent and decreases VOC emissions.
 ■ Reducing emissions of Sulfur Dioxide (SO2), Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) and Particulate Matter (PM) 
Both gases, SO2 and NO x, are present in our atmosphere and have natural and industrial origins. 
Human-made sources are any kind of combustion process, e.g., burning of fossil fuels. The gases can 
form acid rain, which negatively affects ecosystems, such as forests and lakes, as well as man-made 
structures like buildings and statues. Therefore, industrial SO2 and NOx emissions are regulated in 
most jurisdictions. 
Particulate Matter (PM) are solid or liquid particles that is measured in micrometers (1,000 times 
smaller than millimeter) and suspended into the air. PM may come from natural or human-made 
sources. PM can cause harm to human health, and the suspended particles can affect the amount 
of incoming and reflected radiation in the earth’s atmosphere and therefore influence our climate. 
In our manufacturing facilities, we operate different types of combustion installations using fossil 
fuels, such as ovens for drying painted parts, thermal oxidizers for reducing VOC emissions, boilers 
for heating buildings, and cogeneration plants for heat and electricity generation. In our retail 
activities these emissions are linked with heating or air conditioning.
In 2023, our SO2 emissions were a total of 112 tons, NOx emissions were a total of 1,058 tons and PM 
was 78 tons.
The SO2 emissions decreased by 106 tons, NOx emissions decreased by 288 tons and PM decreased 
by 19 tons compared to 2022. The main reasons for the reduction were a result of the energy saving 
activities at all sites and site compression and closures.
 ■ Reducing Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) emissions
Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) are a group of chemical substances that have the ability to react 
with ozone and negatively impact the ozone layer of the stratosphere. The ozone layer prevents 
harmful wavelengths of ultraviolet light to reach the earth’s surface which cause harm to human 
beings, vegetation and animals. Since the Montreal Protocol in 1987 and the subsequent revisions 
of this international treaty, production of certain groups of ODS have been banned, and their usage 
was phased-out or will phase-out within the next few years. 
233


Page 234:
Most ODS are used as refrigerants, solvents or blowing agents which makes them available in process 
and air conditioning equipment at our manufacturing facilities, offices, and retail sites. Stellantis 
monitors ODS emissions during ODS-containing equipment maintenance or service activities and 
leak checks. ODS emissions from these activities and from equipment incidents are recorded. In 2023, 
our ODS emissions were in total at 52 kg of CFC-11 equivalent. The same amount as in 2022.
6.5.4.2 Reducing other industrial discharges and nuisances
 ■ Reducing chemicals
Stellantis strives to manage the usage of hazardous chemicals in a rigorous manner. When a new 
chemical product is introduced at a plant, it is assessed. The assessment includes checking the nature 
and acceptability of the health and environmental impacts. This assessment either results in a ban 
of the product or acceptance for use with risk prevention requirements. Safety data sheets are 
developed for authorized products and access to the information is provided to employees. 
In addition to the approval processes, structural measures such as building retention basins or using 
above ground pipe systems versus underground piping to carry liquids, can limit the impact in case 
of accidental releases. To minimize chemical risks, supervisors and other employee conduct checks 
of environmental procedures and installations during site walks and inspections as part of Stellantis 
Production System or during ISO 14001 audits. In addition, inventories of chemical products in stock 
enables the facility to limit on-site volumes.
 ■ Reducing other forms of nuisances in local communities, such as noise or odor 
Noise and odor caused by our operations may cause nuisances to our neighbors including residential 
areas located close to our facilities. We seek to address the potential risks by conducting impact 
studies and action plans potentially associated with our manufacturing facilities. The studies assess 
the sensitivity of residential areas surrounding the plants with criteria such as sound levels, odors or 
traffic. When new chemical products are introduced at a plant, the components are reviewed to limit 
issues such as odor. In most jurisdictions, studies are required for new facilities or as part of major 
site redevelopment and building projects. Usually, these studies are subject to public disclosure and 
approval by the authorities. 
 ■ Avoiding and remediating soil contamination
Given the long history of some industrial facilities, soil impacts may be present at our sites. Historic 
contamination may be caused by leakages from underground storage tanks, underground pipes or 
spills. We conduct site investigations as part of ongoing initiatives, site acquisition or divestment 
projects, and at the request of regulators. The initial site investigation step usually includes record 
reviews and interviews to identify potential areas of concern. In the following steps, if necessary, 
onsite investigations may include the analysis of soil, surface water or groundwater, or soil gas 
samples in order to determine the presence and extent of potential contamination. In some cases, 
this onsite investigation may consist of several phases to delineate the extent of the contamination. 
Depending on the results, measures such as monitoring, containment or remediation activities are 
implemented. Our environmental experts liaise closely with the involved authorities to comply with 
local regulations. 
6.5.5 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  GRI 305-6  GRI 305-7
6.5.5.1 VOC emissions from paint shops
(in grams/m2 and tons)
VOC Year g/m2 painted tons
Manufacturing 
Activities
Enlarged Europe 2023 25.49 9,602
2022 27.12 8,765
2021 28.82 9,318
North America 2023 13.67 3,296
2022 14.03 3,237
2021 14.79 3,410
South America 2023 36.42 3,147
2022 37.31 2,953
2021 34.90 2,789
Middle East & Africa 2023 52.07 720
2022 52.90 601
2021 58.66 514
China and India & Asia 
Pacific
2023 71.09 118
2022 139.8923 8223
2021 NA NA
Total 2023 23.46 16,883
2022 24.25 15,638
2021 24.95 16,031
23 VOC data partially available, full coverage achieved in 2023. Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) emitted into the 
air by coating operations.
234


Page 235:
6.5.5.2 Industrial air emissions
ODS NOx SO2 PM
Year kg of CFC-11 
equivalent kg kg kg
Manufacturing 
Activities
Enlarged Europe 2023 1 489,663 108,427 35,489
2022 1 597,194 130,912 43,138
2021 14 688,615 4,9 59,506
North America 2023 5 438,198 2,968 36,498
2022 6 645,774 86,691 48,373
2021 24 678,239 104,64 49,832
South America 2023 45 51,277 317 3,875
2022 45 53,779 367 3,910
2021 1 56,419 350 3,609
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 - 5,015 33 377
2022 - 5,097 32 381
2021 - 5,500 38 418
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 2 597 12 6
2022 - 1,390 13 34
2021 - 522 11 58
Total Manufacturing Activities 2023 52 1,029,787 111,757 76,245
2022 52 1,303,234 218,015 95,836
2021 39 1,429,295 109,939 113,423
Retail 2023 NA 28,077 164 2,087
2022 NA 42,843 270 1,797
2021 NA 34,186 215 1,696
Total 2023 52 1,057,864 111,921 78,332
2022 52 1,346,077 218,284 97,633
2021 39 1,463,481 110,154 115,119
ODS = Ozone Depleting Substance. Reported are R11 (CFC11), R12 (CFC12), R13 (CFC13), R115 (CFC115), R123 
(HCFC-123), R124 (HCFC124), R22 (HCFC22), R140A, R142B (HCFC142B), R222 (HCFC-222), R401A, R401B, R402A 
(HCFC402A), R-402B, R-406A, R408A (HCFC408A), R409 (HCFC409), R414A, R500 (HCFC500), R502 (HFCF502),  
Halon-1211.
SO2 = Sulphur Dioxide
NOx = Nitrogen Oxides
PM = Particulate Matter are microscopic solid or liquid particles suspended in air and are reported as a total
Note: Direct SO2, NOx and PM emissions are calculated using publicly available emission factors per fuel types
6.6 SUSTAINABLE WATER MANAGEMENT  
IN MANUFACTURING  
GRI 3-3
6.6.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION  GRI 303-3  GRI 303-4  GRI 303-5
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #18 Sustainable water management in manufacturing
Stellantis aims to consistently adjust its manufacturing processes to use less water and to increase 
recycling and reuse of its industrial water, by monitoring water consumption to continue to remain 
agile to modify and improve our processes. We are aware that there are water-stressed areas around 
the world where less-efficient water use may have adverse social and environmental effects due to 
reduced water availability, quality and disruption of ecosystems.
Company’s public position  GRI 413-2
As a Global Compact member, Stellantis fully adheres to the UN Sustainable Development Goals for 
clean water management.
Furthermore, Stellantis obtained ISO 14001 certification for the vast majority of our plants and as such the 
Company is developing and implementing processes for continuous improvement of water management.
Stellantis is committed to promote responsible water stewardship to strive for zero water withdrawal 
in industrial activities and to prevent any pollutant discharge. Where our plants are in areas with 
identified water stress, Stellantis is committed to implement extra water management measures.
235


Page 236:
6.6.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #18 Sustainable water management in manufacturing
VISION/AMBITION: Promote responsible water stewardship to strive for zero water withdrawal by water recycling in industrial activities
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term 2021 2022 2023
Total water withdrawn normalized 
(m3/vehicle produced)
3.5 m3/vehicle produced. 3.0 m3/vehicle produced 2.0 m3/vehicle produced in 
water-stressed areas (2038)
1.0 m3/vehicle produced (2050) 
4.77 m3/vehicle 
produced
4.56 m3/vehicle 
produced
3.90 m3/vehicle 
produced
6.6.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
6.6.3.1 Risk
Stellantis identified some risks and has implemented several actions and initiatives to mitigate them.
 ■ Potential risk for the business:
 ● Developing manufacturing facilities in water-stressed areas may affect the local water use and 
the livelihood in the communities, leading to potential conflicts and water usage restrictions for 
our facilities. 
 ● Increased flood risk due to extreme weather events affecting facilities located close to rivers, in 
river basins or other geographical locations.
 ● Water scarcity is an emerging global environmental topic and its effects are not fully experienced or 
understood in every region. This constraint may lead to an underestimation of the severity of the issue.
 ■ Potential risks for operational management:
 ● Water shortage may lead to increased water supply costs, reduction of production volume or 
disruption of operations, leading certain governments to impose more stringent requirements for 
obtaining and maintaining permits for water withdrawal. There are some facilities that need to 
change current operational permits to maintain operations.
 ● More stringent regulatory targets on pollution control of wastewater discharge are causing us to 
adapt our production processes or substitute raw materials, which may lead to increased cost for 
water treatment.
 ● Extreme temperatures and droughts can cause the rise in temperatures of rivers and streams. 
When the water temperatures exceed the temperatures allowed by regulators, we may be 
restricted from discharging cooling waters from cogeneration power plants which could impact 
production. 
 ■ Potential reputational risk:
 ● Water management and target setting requires a site-specific approach. The challenge is to meet 
stakeholder expectations with customized actions based the local water constraints.
 ● Being held responsible by the general public or neighboring communities for exploiting or 
polluting shared water resources with our manufacturing facilities. 
 ● Being held responsible for increasing the water stress in regions where we develop new facilities. 
This may result in impact to brand value, customer defection and loss of profit.
6.6.3.2 Opportunities
Stellantis identified opportunities and has implemented several actions to seize them.
 ■ Opportunities for the business:
 ● Adopt best practices and public scientific data and tools to assess water risks for facilities.
 ● Direct investments toward facilities located in water-stressed areas or projects that have the 
biggest impact on water by reducing risk and increasing performance.
 ● Design out pollutants from materials or processes to minimize water treatment and associated costs. 
 ■ Opportunities for operational management:
 ● Implement technology and processes that require less water for new facility design or facility 
redevelopment projects. Enable recycling or reuse of water to reduce dependency on the water 
resources may save water supply and clean-up costs. In existing facilities, the deployment of 
best practices shared amongst the manufacturing plants support efficiency improvements in 
water usage.
236


Page 237:
 ● Adopt efficiency measures to reduce water usage and wastewater treatment may lead to less 
energy usage, and therefore have a positive impact on operational costs, as well as on CO 2 
emissions combating climate change. 
 ● Implement internal water quality standards and clean-up goals to anticipate and address 
stringent targets set by regulators. In addition, improved water quality offers more options for 
reusing water.
 ■ Opportunities for reputation:
 ● Maintain or improve water availability for others in locations of high water-stressed areas, 
enhance community relations, social acceptance to operate and increase brand value.
 ● Proactive disclosure of information regarding our sustainable water management initiatives, 
outreach activities with the neighboring community or education initiatives on water issues. 
6.6.4 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS  GRI 413-2
6.6.4.1 Main achievements on water management  GRI 303-1  GRI 303-2  GRI 303-3  
 GRI 303-4  GRI 303-5
 ■ Water withdrawn
In 2023, we withdrew in total 24,862 thousand m3 of water (versus 26,661 thousands m3 of water in 
2022), of which 24,523 thousand m3 (versus 26.285 thousand m3 of water in 2022) were withdrawn 
by Manufacturing sites and 339 thousand m3 (versus 376 thousand m3 in 2022) by Retail activities. 
The sources for our water supply were comprised of third-party or municipal water at 63%, surface 
water at 15% and groundwater at 22%. Stellantis does not abstract seawater, all water withdrawn 
is considered freshwater. In addition, 28,044 thousand m3 of water from surface waters were 
abstracted for cooling purposes at our own cogeneration plants. 
Annual water withdrawal by source  2023    2022    2021
Third-party / 
Municipal  
Water
62%
63%
61%
Surface 
Water 15%
15%
15%
Groundwater 23%
22%
24%
In 2023, water withdrawn was 3.90 m3 per vehicle 
produced, a reduction of 14.5% versus 2022.
The normalized water withdrawn for Manufacturing activities in 2023 was 3.90 m 3 per vehicle 
produced (versus 4.56 m3 in 2022). This represents a reduction of 0.66 m3 per vehicle produced. The 
result is well below our internal target of 4.14 m 3 per vehicle and shows continuous improvement 
compared to the 2021 and 2022 results.
Our Manufacturing facilities vary widely in terms of plant size, production volume, operations 
performed, technologies installed, age of facility, all of which can influence water use and treatment. 
We analyze the performance of the best performing plants to identify and share best practices. 
The best performing vehicle assembly plants was Mangualde with a water withdrawal of 0.82 m3 per 
vehicle produced. However, 52% of our vehicle assembly plants performed better than our medium-
term target of 3.0 m3 per vehicle produced.
The majority of water withdrawn is used in Manufacturing activities for the following processes:
 ● vehicle painting
 ● cooling
 ● cleaning processes
 ● sprinkler systems
 ● sanitation and hygiene
 ● drinking water.
The majority of water withdrawn for Retail activities is used for the following processes: 
 ● sanitation and hygiene
 ● drinking water
 ● car washing in dealerships and workshops.
 ■ Water discharged and pollution control 
In 2023, we discharged in total 17,788 thousand m 3 wastewater versus 18,699 thousand m 3 
wastewater in 2022, of which 17,455 thousand m3 versus 18,323 thousand m3 in 2022 was discharged 
by Manufacturing sites, and 334 thousand m3 versus 376 thousand m3 in 2022 for our Retail activities. 
We discharged 73% into third-party / municipal industrial sewer systems, and 27% into surface 
waters. The wastewater discharge into the groundwater was negligible. Stellantis did not directly 
discharge any wastewater into seawater or oceans.
Water discharge destination and volumes  2023    2022    2021
Third-party / 
Municipal  
Water
67%
73%
67%
Surface 
Water 33%
27%
33%
Groundwater 0%
0%
0%
237


Page 238:
Like other industries that are using water for their production, vehicle manufacturing processes have 
some impact on water quality. One of the impacts is from the presence of metals from processes 
and materials used for surface treatment. Typical heavy metals are Cadmium (Cd), Chromium (Cr), 
Copper (Cu), Nickel (Ni), Lead (Pb) and Zinc (Zn). In addition, physical chemistry parameters such as 
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) and Suspended Matter (SM) 
are typical water quality impacts from manufacturing operations of whatever kind. Therefore, most 
of the plants monitor their wastewater discharge for these water quality factors as outlined within 
their operational permit requirements.
Many jurisdictions have implemented regulations to control the discharge of heavy metals. These 
regulations are regularly revised to increase the list of controlled substances or to further decrease 
emission limit values. These modifications are reflected in changes to the operational permits of our 
plants, which also specify the frequency of measurements and controls. 
Intending to meet legal and permit requirements is a given, however, we aim to discharge wastewater 
with regulated constituents at levels below legal limits. As such, we regularly measure and analyze 
the quality of wastewater produced to obtain a comprehensive view of the impact on water quality. 
All production plants active in 2023 were serviced by either an internal or external wastewater 
treatment plant. 
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) and Suspended Matter (SM)
  2023    2022    2021
BOD 1,474 tons
1,745 tons
1,376 tons
COD 3,577 tons
5,880 tons
3,316 tons
SM
439 tons
439 tons
784 tons
Heavy metal loads  2023    2022    2021
Cadmium 32 kg
33 kg
63 kg
Chromium 665 kg
480 kg
253 kg
Copper 287 kg
234 kg
1,049 kg
Lead 178 kg
262 kg
117 kg
Nickel 3,972 kg
3,598 kg
11,702 kg
Zinc 5,737 kg
8,683 kg
10,096 kg
The loads shown in the charts above include heavy metal loads for Stellantis plants in 2023. The 
loads were calculated with concentrations measured at the discharge monitoring points of our sites.
 ■ Water consumption
Water consumption is defined as water withdrawn minus water discharged. In 2023, we consumed 
a total amount of water of 7,074 thousand m3 versus 7,962 thousand m3 in 2022, of which the vast 
majority at manufacturing facilities. The water consumption at our retail sites was 5 thousand m3. 
Water discharged could increase or decrease because of rainwater, consumption or evaporation from 
operations that have exposed water functions, such as water-cooling towers. Some older plants 
do not have a separate sewer system for the collection and discharge of rainwater versus process 
wastewater or sanitary wastewater. In these cases, the municipal or Stellantis wastewater treatment 
plant must treat all such water discharge volumes, increasing its costs and our tax expenditures. 
6.6.4.2 Main initiatives on water management GRI 303-3  GRI 303-4  GRI 303-5  
As outlined in  6.6.3 , the main two water risks impacting operational management are related to 
water shortage resulting in increased pressure from authorities to reduce water withdrawal as well 
as establishing more stringent discharge values to secure water quality. We apply best practices to 
support plants with the reduction of water usage and improvement of water quality. 
For the water stress risk evaluation, the Company uses the Baseline scenario (2019) of the Aqueduct 
Water Risk Atlas and for future risk evaluation the Business as usual scenario 2030. Water stress is 
an indicator of competition for water resources and is defined informally as the ratio of demand for 
water by human society divided by available water. In 2023, 32 plants (versus 35 in 2022) were located 
in a high or extremely high water-stressed area (according to the World Resources Institute Aqueduct 
“baseline water stress” indicator). For future risk evaluation, Business As Usual scenario 2030, 40 plants 
are affected. The total water withdrawal was at 7,265 thousand m3 (versus 7,361 thousand m3 in 2022). 
The water discharge was at 4,286 thousand m3 (versus 4,849 thousand m3 in 2022).
The normalized water withdrawn from plants in water-stressed areas in 2023 was 3.49 m3 per vehicle 
produced versus 4.07 m3 in 2022. This represents a reduction of 0.58 m3 per vehicle produced.
238


Page 239:
Some examples of successful initiatives to reduce water usage or improve water quality: 
Avoid or reduce losses and leakages:
 ■ At our vehicle assembly plant in Betim (Brazil) a leak detection survey and repair of the underground 
pipes of the fire-fighting system was conducted that resulted in a water saving of approximately 
3,000 m3 per year. Leak repair at our vehicle assembly plant in Zaragoza (Spain) enabled us to save 
approximately 70,000 m3 per year.
 ■ At our vehicle assembly plant Melfi (Italy) we reduced the water consumption by approximately 
140,000 m3 annually by optimizing the water pressure in our facilities during production and non-
production times.
Cooling water reuse: 
 ■ A new cooling water recirculation system was installed in our Teksid Aluminum foundry plant in 
Carmagnola (Italy) which results in a partial flow of the cooling water that was previously used in once-
through cooling is now recirculated. More than 40% of the previously used cooling water is reused in 
the circuit. After one year in operation, the annual savings amount to approximately 560,000 m3.
Process improvement:
 ■ At our vehicle assembly plant in Zaragoza (Spain), we reduced the cooling water make-up by 
approximately 12,000 m3 annually by optimizing the cooling tower setpoints for water exchange. With 
several other measures we reduced additionally the water consumption by approximately 28,000 
m3 annually. This includes improved utilization of the biological wastewater treatment plant and of 
the hot water generation facilities by switching off redundant backup systems and the optimized 
performance-related use of ion exchanger or osmosis technology to produce demineralized water.
 ■ At our vehicle plant in Betim (Brazil), we reduced water consumption by approximately 1,020 m3 per 
year through several measures in the paint shop. This included optimization of the consumption of 
demineralized water, the reuse and reduction of water and more efficient water management in the 
pretreatment process.
 ■ At our foundry plant Sept-Fons (France) we installed a new cupola that reduces the water 
consumption by 1 t - approximately 12,000 m3 annually. In addition, it reduces CO 2 emissions and 
improves driving and ergonomics, with a predisposition to the use of biocokes.
 ■ At our Warren Truck Assembly Plant (U.S.), we completed the water consumption optimization in the 
phosphate process, started in 2022. The improvements included optimization of spraying systems, 
downtime curtailment improvements, automated rinse spray control systems, and tank level control 
adjustments. This resulted in a water reduction of approximately 400,000 m3 annually.
 ■ At our vehicle assembly plant Mirafiori (Italy), we implemented 3 WET painting process that enabled 
us to save approximately 7,000 m3 water annually.
Smart water flow measurement:
 ■ At our vehicle assembly plant in Brampton (Canada), 15 flow meters were placed in phosphate at 
various locations to monitor and measure water flow. Paint shop systems were updated accordingly 
to reuse overflows and reduce spray times while maintaining quality. This flow management saves 
approximately 300,000 m3 water annually. Additionally, the plant recycled humidification water from 
the spray booths by installing a containment structure to re-use approximately 41,000 m3 annually 
in the paint sludge pits.
6.6.5 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  GRI 303-1  GRI 303-3   
 GRI 303-4  GRI 303-5   
 GRI 413-2
6.6.5.1 Annual water withdrawan24 by business, geographical area and source 
(in thousands of m3)
Water Withdrawn Year
3rd party or 
municipal water Surface water Groundwater
Manufacturing
Enlarged Europe
2023 5,574 3,784 3,571
2022 5,102 4,012 4,243
2021 5,427 4,114 4,583
North America
2023 8,362 - 1,353
2022 9,626 - 1,425
2021 9,782 24 1,456
South America
2023 923 - 512
2022 1,050 2 526
2021 957 81 465
Middle East & Africa
2023 273 - -
2022 171 - -
2021 178 - -
India & Asia Pacific
2023 77 - 93
2022 67 - 61
2021 39 - 36
Total Manufacturing
2023 15,209 3,784 5,529
2022 16,016 4,014 6,255
2021 16,383 4,219 6,540
Retail
2023 339 - -
2022 376 - -
2021 398 - -
Subtotal
2023 15,543 3,784 5,529
2022 16,392 4,014 6,255
2021 16,781 4,219 6,540
Total
2023 24,862
2022 26,661
2021 27,540
24 Excluding cooling water for cogeneration plants, remediation activities and water provided to 3rd parties, tenants 
unrelated to Stellantis operations.
239


Page 240:
6.6.5.2 Annual water discharge by business, geographical area and destination 
(in thousands of m3)
Water Discharged Year
3rd party or 
municipal water Surface water Groundwater
Manufacturing
Enlarged Europe
2023 5,245 4,376 -
2022 5,086 5,196 -
2021 5,364 5,777 -
North America
2023 6,545 156 86
2022 6,797 142 -
2021 6,881 149 -
South America
2023 513 267 -
2022 232 704 -
2021 385 369 -
Middle East & Africa
2023 246 - -
2022 94 - -
2021 76 - -
India & Asia Pacific
2023 12 9 -
2022 - 11 61
2021 11 - 15
Total Manufacturing
2023 12,561 4,808 86
2022 12,209 6,053 61
2021 12,717 6,295 15
Retail
2023 326 7 -
2022 374 2 -
2021 112 9 -
Subtotal
2023 12,887 4,816 86
2022 12,583 6,055 61
2021 12,829 6,304 15
Total
2023 17,788
2022 18,699
2021 19,148
6.6.5.3 Annual total water consumed by business and geographical area 
(in thousands of m3) 
Water Consumed Year Total water 
withdrawn 
Total water 
discharged
Total water 
consumed
Manufacturing
Enlarged Europe
2023 12,929 9,621 3,308
2022 13,357 10,282 3,075
2021 14,124 11,141 2,983
North America
2023 9,715 6,787 2,928
2022 11,051 6,939 4,112
2021 11,262 7,030 4,232
South America
2023 1,435 780 655
2022 1,578 936 642
2021 1,503 754 749
Middle East & Africa
2023 273 246 27
2022 171 94 77
2021 178 76 102
India & Asia Pacific
2023 171 21 150
2022 128 72 56
2021 75 26 49
Total Manufacturing
2023 24,523 17,455 7,068
2022 26,285 18,323 7,962
2021 27,142 19,027 8,115
Retail
2023 339 334 5
2022 376 376 -
2021 398 121 277
Total
2023 24,862 17,788 7,074
2022 26,661 18,699 7,962
2021 27,540 19,148 8,392
6.6.5.4 Percentage of freshwater over total water withdrawn and over total water 
discharged 
(in percent) 
We do not withdraw seawater; therefore we consider:
freshwater withdrawn = 100%
freshwater discharge = 100%
240


Page 241:
6.6.5.5 Annual water withdrawn and discharge from water stressed areas by graphical area
(in thousands of m3)
Water stressed areas according 
to Aqueduct Risk Atlas
Total water 
withdrawn
Total water 
discharge
Plant name Year high extremely high m3 m3
Enlarged 
Europe
Atessa Plant
2023 X 651,582 651,582
2022 X 665,624 665,624
2021 X 870,733 788,933
Atessa Plastic
2023 X 8,411 7,693
2022 X 9,198 9,198
2021 X 8,090 8,090
Caen
2023 X 85,980 77,902
2022 X 83,389 68,211
2021 X 84,223 63,507
Cassino Plant
2023 X 213,319 172,079
2022 X 254,610 254,595
2021 X 258,607 258,607
Cassino Press 
Shop Plant
2023 X 45,452 45,451
2022 X 30,156 29,545
2021 X 31,482 31,462
Cento Engine 
Plant
2023 X 14,923 11,443
2022 X 12,654 9,145
2021 X 12,765 6,469
Charleville
2023 X 251,784 73,637
2022 X 226,881 62,733
2021 X 205,257 113,678
Douvrin (FM)
2023 X 189,146 59,831
2022 X 218,503 61,203
2021 X 212,379 8,123
Eisenach
2023 X 160,568 139,299
2022 X 121,779 121,779
2021 X 81,452 81,452
Hordain
2023 X 239,253 217,723
2022 X 229,011 203,141
2021 X 229,829 229,829
Luton IBC
2023 X 597,718 323,284
2022 X 501,064 294,579
2021 X 290,065 286,083
Madrid
2023 X 103,913 88,542
2022 X 114,383 114,383
2021 X 98,036 98,036
Melfi Plant
2023 X 761,305 611,000
2022 X 679,950 569,840
2021 X 745,820 645,350
Water stressed areas according 
to Aqueduct Risk Atlas
Total water 
withdrawn
Total water 
discharge
Plant name Year high extremely high m3 m3
Enlarged 
Europe
Melfi Press 
Shop Plant
2023 X 1,699 1,699
2022 X 2,368 2,368
2021 X incl. in 2021 
Melfi Plant data
incl. in 2021 
Melfi Plant data
PCMA Napoli
2022 plant closed  
in 2022
2021 X 26,971 24,273
PCMA Tito 
Scalo
2023 X 616 391
2022 X 504 504
2021 X 533 288
Pratola Serra 
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 X 108,757 57,255
2022 X 105,375 59,768
2021 X 117,793 74,183
Rennes
2023 X 103,884 48,810
2022 X 134,29 43,807
2021 X 101,509 42,547
Rüsselsheim
2023 X 624,200 168,057
2022 X 855,609 844,721
2021 X 951,470 951,470
Termoli 
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 X 345,143 333,89
2022 X 309,981 237,937
2021 X 279,587 202,656
USL Cassino 
Plant
2023 plant closed  
in 2023
2022 X 4,356 4,356
2021 X 2,488 2,488
USL Villa Santa 
Lucia Plant
2023 plant closed  
in 2023
2022 X 3,322 3,322
2021 X 3,441 3,441
Valenciennes
2023 X 59,229 23,065
2022 X 85,460 38,843
2021 X 85,826 38,191
Vico Pomigliano 
d'Arco Plant
2023 X 508,511 484,220
2022 X 448,945 406,170
2021 X 392,233 59,432
Vico Pomigliano 
d'Arco Press 
Shop Plant
2023 X 6,098 6,098
2022 X 2,934 2,834
2021 X 1,750 1,750
Zaragoza
2023 X 987,595 599,026
2022 X 965,108 573,820
2021 X 834,631 594,320
241


Page 242:
Water stressed areas according 
to Aqueduct Risk Atlas
Total water 
withdrawn
Total water 
discharge
Plant name Year high extremely high m3 m3
North 
America
Saltillo Complex 
- Assembly 
Plant
2023 X 432,343 - 
2022 x 480,870 - 
2021 x 514,793 - 
Saltillo North 
Engine Plant
2023 X 206,799 - 
2022 x 202,753 - 
2021 x 168,137 1,200
Saltillo South 
Engine Plant
2023 X 88,328 - 
2022 x 89,906 - 
2021 x 89,238 - 
Saltillo Van 
Assembly Plant
2023 X 176,707 - 
2022 x 159,139 - 
2021 x 168,704 - 
Teksid Hierro 
de Mexico 
Plant
2023 plant sold  
in 2023
2022 x 96,367 - 
2021 x 100,399 - 
Toluca Complex 
- Assembly 
Plant
2023 X 188,101 69,597
2022 x 199,008 99,599
2021 x 235,166 90,221
Middle East & 
Africa
PCMA Bursa
2023 X 3,969 3,442
2022 x 5,225 4,812
2021 x 3,306 2,777
PCMA Bursa 
Mechanical 
Control 
Systems
2023 X 2,293 1,982
2022 x 1,602 1,485
2021 x 1,043 991
China and 
India & 
Asia Pacific
Hosur
2023 X 19,469 - 
2022 x 20,259 20,258
2021 x 19,107 14,489
Thiruvallur
2023 X 78,061 8,861
2022 x 40,872 40,651
2021 x 16,624 NA
Total
2023 8 24 7,265,156 4,285,859 
2022 8 27 7,361,455 4,849,230 
2021 8 28 7,243,488 5,093,16025 
25 The 2021 water discharge figures have been corrected
6.6.5.6 Annual heavy metals discharge (loads) into water
(in kg)
Year Cadmium 
(Cd)
Chromium 
(Cr)
Copper 
(Cu)
Lead 
(Pb)
Nickel 
(Ni)
Zinc 
(Zn)
Manufacturing
Activities
Enlarged Europe
2023 12 404 151 129 1,047 3,210
2022 11 120 133 47 1,221 4,204
2021 54 20 960 22 934 7,996
North America
2023 18 61 61 123 2,466 5,343
2022 15 372 130 87 2,650 1,365
2021 9 232 82 89 10,739 1,751
South America
2023 - 13 5 6 56 90
2022 3 171 20 43 95 104
2021 - - 4 5 26 101
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 2 2 16 4 4 25
2022 3 2 4 1 3 63
2021 - 1 3 1 1 248
China and India 
& Asia Pacific
2023 - - - - 25 14
2022 - - - - 3 1
2021 - - - - 2 -
Total (kg/year)
2023 33 480 234 262 3,598 8,683
2022 32 665 287 178 3,972 5,737
2021 63 253 1,049 117 11,702 10,096
242


Page 243:
6.6.5.7 Annual COB, BOD, Suspended Matters discharge (loads) into water
(in tons)
Year COD BOD SM (TSS)
Manufacturing 
Activities
Enlarged 
Europe
2023 1,568 456 305
2022 1,676 737 314
2021 1,563 554 275
North America
2023 4,207 1,251 441
2022 1,832 703 99
2021 1,678 800 138
South America
2023 40 15 8
2022 41 26 12
2021 42 15 6
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 64 23 29
2022 28 8 14
2021 32 7 20
China and India 
& Asia Pacific
2023 1 - -
2022 - - -
2021 1 - -
Total (tons/year)
2023 5,880 1,745 784
2022 3,577 1,474 439
2021 3,316 1,376 439
BOD = Biochemical Oxygen Demand; 
COD = Chemical Oxygen Demand; 
SM = Suspended Matter (or TSS = Total Suspended Solid)
6.7 PROTECTION OF BIODIVERSITY  GRI 3-3
6.7.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE #19 Protection of biodiversity
The World Economic Forum’s Global Risks Report 2023  26 ranks biodiversity loss and ecosystem 
collapse as one of the fastest deteriorating global risks and the fourth top risk of likelihood and 
impact over the next decade. It is closely linked with other top risks identified such as climate change, 
extreme weather and natural disasters, highlighting the complexity of nature, and the volatile ways of 
impacting us as human beings and industrial corporations.The protection of biodiversity is a complex 
process. Stellantis understands the contributing factors to biodiversity loss and its impact. Stellantis 
has, therefore, implemented dedicated measures aimed at further minimizing this issue, such as the 
commitment to be carbon net zero by 2038, to reduce the usage of natural resources by developing 
a circular economy and reducing pollution and water use. Stellantis has committed to a progressive 
approach to reduce impacts first, then restore and finally recover biodiversity. New operations on 
protected areas are prohibited. When Stellantis already operates in such areas, it applies mitigation 
hierarchy aimed at minimizing impact, including offsets for any remaining residual impact. Biodiversity 
protection activities at our sites are focused on biodiversity inventories, awareness campaigns for 
employees, and other stakeholders such as the community surrounding our manufacturing facilities, 
and working with students, all for preservation of natural habitats near its areas of operations. 
Company’s public position 
Stellantis’ plants endeavor to ensure biodiversity knowledge and preventative actions relevant to 
their geographic scope, along with the development of biodiversity on our sites by preserving natural 
habitats and by implementing projects.
Stellantis continues to assess different biodiversity management tools in order to meet the upcoming 
requirements stemming from European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the 
European Taxonomy legislative proposal. 
26 https://www.weforum.org/publications/global-risks-report-2023/
243


Page 244:
6.7.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS 
Commitment scoreboard 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #19 Protection of biodiversity
VISION/AMBITION: Ensure the development of biodiversity on our sites by preserving natural habitats
OWNER: Chief Manufacturing Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Percentage of plants that have 
done a RENATU evaluation 
and are developing biodiversity 
projects. 
60% 100% Strategic partnership 
for global biodiversity 
program.
26% 29% 31%
6.7.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
6.7.3.1 Risks
Stellantis identified some risks and has implemented several actions and initiative to mitigate them.
 ■ Potential risks for the business:
 ● Dependency of business on natural resources such as air, soil or water for its direct operations or 
indirect supply chain. According to the New Nature Economy Report 2020 27 issued by World 
Economic Forum, the automotive industry’s dependency on nature is assessed to be low to 
medium, whereas the gross value added of the automotive industry’s supply chain was assessed 
to be more dependent on nature and therefore referred to as a “hidden dependency.”
 ● Loss in nature causing socio-economic instability in countries of operation resulting in disrupted 
business continuity or loss in markets.
 ■ Potential risk for operational management:
 ● Regulatory and legal risk of increased governmental actions on biodiversity are expected, such as 
restrictions on land usage or usage of ecosystem services. Potential increase in taxes, insurance 
premiums, new trade directives or reforming subsidies and increased disclosure requirements 
may be expected. Similarly, potential decrease in property sale and lease income is possible due 
to use and deed restrictions.
 ● Climate change causing loss in natural habitats such as forests that were served as important 
buffer areas during extreme weather events may lead to the potential for severe impact on 
business continuity.
27 https://www.weforum.org/publications/nature-risk-rising-why-the-crisis-engulfing-nature-matters-for-
business-and-the-economy
 ● Value of real estate may be endangered by invasive species or diseases, causing costs for removal, 
pest control, subsequent remedial measures and potential legal proceedings if surrounding areas 
are affected.
 ■ Potential reputational risk: 
 ● Being held responsible by customers or the general public for loss in biodiversity from building 
new or expanding facilities, by materials or technology used in products or sourcing of raw 
material in its supply chain, and emissions from our products. This may result in a negative impact 
to our brands’ value, customer defection, loss of profit and conflicts with neighboring community..
6.7.3.2 Opportunities
Stellantis identified opportunities and has implemented several actions to seize them.
 ■ Opportunities for the business:
 ● Corporate land areas can be an important contribution to climate action, for example as a 
source of carbon sequestration or increased resilience for the human-made, built and natural 
environments.
 ● Major infrastructure projects or expansion of existing facilities are highly dependent on 
stakeholder acceptance. Integrating conservation measures as part of the site selection and 
implementation can help with adding value to neighboring communities and building acceptance 
with stakeholders.
 ● Work with supply chain to reduce indirect impact on biodiversity loss and reduce hidden 
dependency of the automotive industry.
244


Page 245:
 ■ Opportunities for operational management:
 ● Stellantis conservation and education activities contribute to maintaining a social acceptance to operate. 
 ● Conservation measures may also add value to the real estate property or may increase its 
resistance toward climate change related extreme weather such as droughts, floods, etc. besides 
providing a more attractive environment for employees.
 ■ Opportunities for company reputation:
 ● Stellantis conservation practices on corporate land demonstrate a long-term commitment to 
quality habitat for wildlife, conservation education and community outreach initiatives.
 ● Talent attraction and retention by offering employee biodiversity engagement activities that 
meet a variety of needs including work-life balance, health and wellness and providing value to 
the communities in which Stellantis operates.
 ● Communicating a company’s efforts to further biodiversity and sustainability is an important 
driver to a company’s social acceptance to operate and positive brand value. 
6.7.4 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS   GRI 413-2
Stellantis uses the tool RENATU to evaluate biodiversity at green areas located at its production facilities. 
RENATU is a self-assessment tool developed to evaluate the biodiversity of industrial sites or developed 
areas. It was developed by the University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and has been designed and 
scientifically validated within the framework of the Infrastructure de Transport Terrestre ECOsystème et 
Paysage(ITTECOP) program of the French Ministry of the Ecological Transition and Solidarity.
The RENATU indicator consists of 11 categories that address items such as: invasive species, various 
vegetation layers, the presence of microhabitats, nesting sites and distance to biodiversity reservoirs. 
The assessment is conducted by site walkthroughs and data analysis. Each category is rated to 
determine the total score.
In 2021, Stellantis started to roll-out RENATU at its production facilities. In 2023, 88% of Stellantis production 
facilities (vs 89% in 2022) have conducted a RENATU evaluation, the average score obtained was 36.29 (vs 
34.64 in 2022) points (out of 55 points maximum) with 16.78 (vs 11.39 in 2022) points achieved by the lowest 
scoring plant and 52.88 (same than in 2022) points by the best scoring plant. Opportunities for improving 
green areas to attract more biodiversity remain subject to plant specific situations. 
However, by evaluating the undeveloped areas within the plant, the main purpose for using RENATU 
is to raise awareness for biodiversity issues on site, to enable a simplified assessment and monitoring, 
and to encourage developing ideas for preserving or improving biodiversity at the green spots of the 
industrial facilities.
We defined our approach towards biodiversity implemented projects. 31% (vs 29% in 2022) of Stellantis 
production facilities has conducted a RENATU evaluation and implemented a biodiversity project- a 
solid base for growth in the next years. This represents an increase of 2% versus 2022.
Most of Stellantis production facilities are located in suburban industrial areas. However, 61 plants are 
located less than 5 km away from a natural protected area. An overview table is provided in section  
 6.7.5  Stellantis also has a historical presence in territories that later became natural protected areas. 
For those areas, Stellantis operates with consideration of the surrounding environment, striving to 
preserve and avoid, as much as possible, further expansion of its operations.
We developed biodiversity projects that involve activities such as restoration, conservation or 
monitoring measures. To ensure we develop projects meaningful for the environment, we engaged 
third-party experts who helped us plan, verify or certify our projects. Third-party experts include 
universities or other scientific research institutes, Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO) engaged 
in biodiversity or nature protection, professional biodiversity consultants or local regulators.
WILDLIFE HABITAT COUNCIL PROJECTS
Stellantis works with Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) 28 for biodiversity project 
certification. In 2023, 2 plants have achieved a new WHC certification, one in Mexico 
and one in U.S. In total we had 18 certified sites located in Canada, Germany, Hungary, 
Mexico, Poland, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States. The Stellantis U.S. 
headquarters and Technology Center in Michigan (U.S.) and the Windsor Assembly Plant 
(Canada) were awarded a WHC certified Gold status for their biodiversity programs.  
The Zaragoza Assembly Plant (Spain), the Gliwice Assembly Plant (Poland) and the 
Saltillo Truck Assembly Plant (Mexico) were awarded a WHC certified Silver status. 
6.7.4.1 Initiatives to support and restore biodiversity  GRI 304-3
In 2023, we had 81 biodiversity projects implemented. The following summaries represent examples of 
Stellantis biodiversity projects and awareness activities:
Honeybee garden Sterling Stamping Plant:
Sterling Stamping Plant in Michigan partnered with a non-profit, Bees in the D, to create an additional 
honeybee habitat on plant property. Two honeybee colonies are located on the property to compliment 
a new pollinator garden. This is the fifth Stellantis location in the Detroit area to implement initiatives 
to support urban bee keeping and education.
Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) projects:
 ■ At our Toluca Assembly plant in Mexico, a second pollinator garden was created in August 2023. The 
recent activity included planting around 66 native species from Mexico and America, those species 
were selected according to the colors, shapes and odor, to attract pollinator species such as bees, 
bumblebees, hummingbirds, scarabs and butterflies. The project also includes raising awareness 
of our employees. They planted the garden and were taught the importance of pollinators in the 
cultivation of Mexican species such as chili, mango, squash, beans, tomatoes, and other plants. 
Toluca Assembly is a Wildlife Habitat Council Certified site.
 ■ Our component plant in Kaiserslautern, Germany, has renewed their WHC certificate beginning 
of 2023. They are certified since 2018 for their regionally appropriate landscaping program of the 
wetland area at the site, in preserving the valuable habitat for plants and amphibians. They have 
also created and continuously maintained habitats for reptiles, specifically for the smooth snake, to 
support the population in the forest area. The implementation took place in cooperation with the 
town of Kaiserslautern, an NGO (NABU), and the University Kaiserslautern.
28 https://www.wildlifehc.org/
245


Page 246:
 ■ Our Windsor Assembly Plant, in Ontario, Canada, has been certified by Wildlife Habitat Council 
since 2018 for its conservation programs and in 2023 achieved Gold certification status. The plant 
has built its certification through the completion of 15 different biodiversity/conservation projects 
which include community projects (clean-up days, garden projects, tree planting, etc.), planting of 
native plant species along with removal of invasive plant species. 1,500 trees have been planted 
across the Assembly Plant property. In 2021 Windsor Assembly was the recipient of the first ever 
Ibis Award from WHC. This award recognizes a WHC-certified program that has demonstrated 
resilience of spirit and advancement of conservation despite lockdowns, quarantines, and additional 
government-mandated regulations. 
 ■ The Stellantis North American (NA) Headquarters in Auburn Hill, Michigan is an automotive research 
and development facility located on over 504 acres of land that includes mature forests and wetlands 
along with native landscaping areas. The facility has been Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) certified 
since 2015, achieved Gold status in 2018 and maintained the Gold status during recertification in 
2021. In 2016 the NA Headquarters also received the WHC Corporate Habitat of the Year award. 
The NA Headquarters has achieved and maintained it WHC certification through the completion 
of a wide variety of biodiversity/conservation projects including monarch butterfly and pollinator 
gardens, Earth Day celebrations, bat, and wood duck boxes along with outreach programs with local 
schools, employees and other community members.
Biodiversity conservation projects:
 ■ The Opel assembly plant in Eisenach, Germany, is continuously monitoring and documenting the 
renaturation progress of the Hörsel floodplain, in cooperation with the Thuringian State Agency 
for the Environment. It is a model project at state level for renaturation with the aim of increasing 
retention capacity in an ecologically and biodiversity acceptable manner. The experience gained will 
be incorporated into further flood protection projects by the state of Thuringia. The documentation 
done by Stellantis personnel from Eisenach plant forms the basis for assessing the renaturation 
project. The program started in 2016 with the creation of flood protection through upgrading the 
floodplain landscape, bringing in dead wood, offering suitable habitats for many animals and plants, 
and planting native woody species on the plant premises. 
 ■ The Goiana Vehicle Plant in Pernambuco, Brazil was installed in an area predominantly of sugarcane. 
In 2015, through its own initiative in partnership with local universities, a reforestation project was 
initiated. The plant established a nursery of seedlings from the local biome composed of 295 species, 
27 of which are threatened with extinction. Since 2015, the site has used seedlings for internal and 
community reforestation. More than 150,000 seedlings have been planted through 2023. In addition 
to the change in the local landscape, with the increase of the flora, the fauna shows signs of recovery, 
as 9 species were observed outside of the seedling nursery. The space is also used for awareness 
activities regarding the local biome including employees and visitors. 
Amazon Forest Carbon Sink Project
The Peugeot Brand in partnership with the French National Forestry Office (ONF) is contributing to 
the PEUGEOT-ONF forest carbon sink project in Mato Grosso, Brazil since 1998. The project involves 
reforesting of degraded land and restoring biodiversity while studying the relationship between 
reforestation and the absorption of atmospheric carbon dioxide. The total amount of carbon 
sequestrated by biomass and soil was estimated to be more than 680,000 tons of CO² equivalent 
according to the measurement methods of the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS). The VCU are sold 
under the VCS protocol and revenues are systematically reinvested in the project. Two and a half 
million trees including more than 50 native species, were reintroduced in a plantation of nearly 
2,000 hectares. After 20 years of implementation, ONFI and ONFB teams led an innovative carbon 
assessment based on remote sensing analysis in order to identify the most relevant areas to be 
densified by additional plantations. Thanks to this initiative we should be able to reach more than 
one million tons of CO2 equivalent by 2038. At the heart of the project, an area of 1,800 hectares of 
virgin forest with high biodiversity value has been devoted to scientific research and placed under 
the status of Reserva Particular do Patrimonio Natural (RPPN - Private Natural Heritage Reserve) 
since 2010. 
Part of the project includes a field laboratory, the Fazenda São Nicolau, which welcomes students 
and researchers from various partner institutions. On-site investigations have led – amongst other 
findings – to the discovery of more than 40 new species, among them a fish named Hyphessobrycon 
peugeoti and a beetle called Hansreia peugeoti. Numerous academic papers, PhDs and books have 
been published thanks to the research studies conducted at the Fazenda. These research activities 
are supervised by a Scientific and Technical Committee composed of Brazilian and international 
specialists who are acknowledged leaders in the topics addressed in the project.
246


Page 247:
6.7.5 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  GRI 304-1  GRI 304-2  
 GRI 304-3
6.7.5.1 Plants located within or near (< 5 km) a natural protected area
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
Enlarged 
Europe
Aspern (Austria) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 191,166
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 191,166
2021 191,166
Atessa (Italy) Car Plant
2023 1,001,930
Natura 20002022 1,001,930
2021 1,001,930
Bielsko Biala 
(Poland)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 122,715
Natura 20002022 122,715
2021 89,500
Charleville 
(France) Foundry
2023 196,010
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 195,078
2021 195,078
Eisenach 
(Germany) Car Plant
2023 261,859
Natura 20002022 261,859
2021 261,859
Ellesmere Port 
(UK)Car Plant
2023 665,819 Natura 2000, Natural Protected 
Area according to State or 
Federal legislation, RAMSAR 
Site (Convention on Wetlands)
2022 665,819
2021 816,298
Gliwice (Poland) Car Plant
2023 444,668
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 327,287
2021 327,287
Grugliasco 
Avvocato 
Giovanni Agnelli 
Plant (Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 106,250
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 106,250
2021 184,000
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
Enlarged 
Europe
Grugliasco Mould 
Shop (Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 6,594
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 6,594
2021 6,594
Hordain (France) Car Plant
2023 658,349
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 654,824
2021 654,824
Kaiserslautern 
(Germany)
Component 
Plant
2023 238,216 IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area, 
IUCN Category V Protected 
Landscape/ Seascape, Natura 
2000, Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 607,601
2021 607,601
Luton IBC (UK) Car Plant
2023 210,432
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 210,432
2021 210,432
Melfi Plant (Italy) Car Plant
2023 1,764,755
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 1,758,555
2021 1,811,183
Melfi Press Shop 
Plant (Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 92,855
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 92,855
2021 40,227
Metz (France) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 233,428
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 233,428
2021 233,428
Mulhouse 
(France) Car Plant
2023 2,218,647
Natura 20002022 2,218,647
2021 2,113,096
PCMA Venaria 
Reale (Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 closed in 2023 
IUCN Category II National Park2022 5,460
2021 5,460
247


Page 248:
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
Enlarged 
Europe
PCMA Venaria 
Reale SBH (Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 18,123
IUCN Category II National Park2022 18,123
2021 18,123
Rennes (France) Car Plant
2023 830,307
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 830,307
2021 830,307
Rüsselsheim 
(Germany) Car Plant
2023 1,916,523
Natura 2000, Natural Protected 
Area according to State or 
Federal legislation
2022 1,916,523
2021 1,916,523
Sept Fons 
(France) Foundry
2023 97,868
Natura 20002022 97,868
2021 97,868
Sochaux (France) Car Plant
2023 1,630,808
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 1,956,100
2021 1,956,100
Szentgotthárd 
(Hungary)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 205,822
Natura 2000, RAMSAR Site 
(Convention on Wetlands)2022 205,822
2021 205,822
Teksid Iron 
Poland (Poland) Foundry
2023 85,000
Natura 20002022 85,000
2021 85,000
Termoli (Italy) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 263,128
Natura 20002022 263,128
2021 263,128
Torino Mirafiori 
Plant (Italy)Car Plant
2023 454,274
Natura 20002022 737,500
2021 971,800
Geographical 
areaPlant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
Enlarged 
Europe
Torino Mirafiori 
Press Shop Plant 
(Italy)
Component 
Plant
2023 213,131
Natura 20002022 213,131
2021 213,131
Torino Mirafiori 
PWT (Italy)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 437,000
Natura 20002022 437,000
2021 11,304
Trémery (France) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 561,819
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 561,819
2021 561,819
Trnava (Slovakia) Car Plant
2023 807,470
Natura 20002022 807,470
2021 807,470
Tychy (Poland) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 118,326
Natura 2000, Natural Protected 
Area according to State or 
Federal legislation
2022 118,326
2021 118,326
Valenciennes 
(France)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 311,808
IUCN Category V Protected 
Landscape/ Seascape2022 311,808
2021 311,808
Verrone (Italy) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 553,000
Natura 20002022 553,000
2021 100,300
Vesoul (France) Powertrain 
Plant
2023 945,351 IUCN Category Ia Strict Nature 
Reserve, IUCN Category IV 
Habitat/ Species Management 
Area, Natura 2000  
2022 942,166
2021 932,920
Zaragoza (Spain) Car Plant
2023 1,176,604
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area, 
Natura 2000
2022 1,176,604
2021 1,176,604
248


Page 249:
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
North 
America
Autodie (US) Component 
Plant
2023 53,615
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 53,615
2021 53,615
Belvidere 
Assembly Plant 
(Canada)
Car Plant
2023 closed in 2023
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 922,000
2021 922,000
Brampton 
Assembly Plant 
(Canada)
Car Plant
2023 470,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 470,000
2021 470,000
Cpk Belleville 
Manufacturing 
Plant (Canada)
Component 
Plant
2023 6,200
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 6,200
2021 6,200
Cpk Guelph 
Manufacturing 
Plant (Canada)
Component 
Plant
2023 49,215
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 49,215
2021 49,215
Cpk Port Hope 
Manufacturing 
Plant (Canada)
Component 
Plant
2023 43,531
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 43,531
2021 43,531
Detroit Assembly 
Complex 
Jefferson (US)
Car Plant
2023 733,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 733,000
2021 733,000
Detroit Assembly 
Complex Mack 
(US)
Car Plant
2023 582,075
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 676,338
2021 676,338
Dundee Engine 
Plant (US)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 228,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 228,000
2021 228,000
Etobicoke Casting 
Plant (US) Foundry
2023 69,600
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 69,600
2021 69,600
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
North 
America
Indiana 
Transmission 
Plant (US)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 622,202
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 622,202
2021 709,371
Kokomo Casting 
Plant (US) Foundry
2023 385,820
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 385,820
2021 385,820
Kokomo 
Transmission 
Plant (US)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 397,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 397,000
2021 397,000
Kokomo Engine 
Plant (US)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 87,170
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 87,170
2021 87,170
Sterling Heights 
Assembly Plant 
(US)
Car Plant
2023 1,141,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 1,141,000
2021 1,141,000
Sterling Stamping 
Plant (US) Car Plant
2023 650,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 650,000
2021 650,000
Tipton 
Transmission 
Plant (US)
Powertrain
2023 124,500
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 124,500
2021 124,500
Toledo Assembly 
Complex (Mexico) Car Plant
2023 991,000
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 991,000
2021 991,000
Trenton Engine 
Complex (US)
Powertrain 
Plant
2023 389,000
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 320,000
2021 320,000
Windsor 
Assembly Plant 
(Canada)
Car Plant
2023 647,500
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 719,000
2021 719,000
249


Page 250:
Geographical 
area Plant Plant activity Year
Surface 
occupied [m2] Type of natural protected area
South 
America
Betim Assembly 
Plant (Brazil)Car Plant
2023 2,124,464
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 2,124,464
2021 2,124,464
Betim PWT Plant 
(Brazil) Powertrain
2023 121,481
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 121,481
2021 121,481
Campo Largo 
(Brazil) Powertrain
2023 closed in 2023
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 1,245,700
2021 1,245,700
CMA Goiana 
(Brazil)
Component 
Plant
2023 32,000
IUCN Category VI Protected 
area with sustainable use of 
natural resources
2022 32,000
2021 32,000
Goiana Assembly 
Plant (Brazil) Car Plant
2023 369,550
IUCN Category VI Protected 
area with sustainable use of 
natural resources
2022 369,550
2021 369,550
Jaboatão dos 
Guarapes Plant 
(Brazil)
Component 
Plant
2023 191,232
IUCN Category Ia Strict Nature 
Reserve2022 191,232
2021 191,232
Palomar 
(Argentina) Car Plant
2023 539,274
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 539,274
2021 619,074
Porto Real (Brazil) Car Plant
2023 1,162,135
Natural Protected Area 
according to State or Federal 
legislation
2022 1,162,135
2021 1,162,135
China and 
India & Asia 
Pacific
Hosur (India) Powertrain
2023 48,310
IUCN Category IV Habitat/
Species Management Area2022 48,310
2021 48,310
6.7.5.2 RENATU evaluation and biodiversity projects
Geographical Area Year
Average RENATU 
score (maximum 
score is 55 points)
Number of 
biodiversity 
projects
Plants with RENATU 
evaluation and 
biodiversity project [%]
Enlarged Europe
2023 37.26 26 24%
2022 36.03 22 23%
2021 34.44 26 24%
North America
2023 34.31 53 55%
2022 32.92 34 48%
2021 29.26 26 41%
South America
2023 39.00 2 18%
2022 35.97 3 25%
2021 30.83 3 25%
Middle East & 
Africa
2023 24.64 - -%
2022 21.59 - -%
2021 19.62 - -%
China and India & 
Asia Pacific
2023 32.75 - -%
2022 32.66 - -%
2021 28.92 - -%
Total
2023 36.29 81 31%
2022 34.64 59 29%
2021 32.57 55 26%
250


Page 251:
7 ENSURING PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND 
SUPPORTING A BALANCED ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 
OF TERRITORIES
7.1 RESPONSIBLE PURCHASING PRACTICES TO SUPPORT THE COMPANY’S DEVELOPMENT  
IN HOST TERRITORIES  253
7.1.1 Context and Stellantis position 253
7.1.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 25 4
7.1.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 25 4
7.1.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  25 8
7.1.5 Policies to execute the strategy 25 9
7.1.6 Organization and resources  260
7.1.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results 26 1
7.1.8 Detailed key performance indicators 26 5
7.2 HUMAN RIGHTS  26 8
7.2.1 Global approach for Human Rights 26 8
7.2.2 Human rights in the supply chain 27 2
7.2.3 Data from Ecovadis 28 3
7.2.4 Human Rights in own workforce 28 3
7.3 ACTIONS TO SUPPORT COMMUNITIES 28 3
7.3.1 Context and Stellantis position  28 3
7.3.2 Forward-looking vision and targets 28 3
7.3.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities 28 4
7.3.4 Governance and decision bodies to lead actions  2 85
7.3.5 Policies to execute the strategy 28 5
7.3.6 Organization and resources  28 6
7.3.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results 28 7
251


Page 252:
STELLANTIS’ CSR MACRO-RISK/PILLAR VI. ENSURING PROTECTION 
OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND SUPPORTING A BALANCED ECONOMIC 
DEVELOPMENT OF TERRITORIES
The automotive industry relies on global complex supply chains. This results in challenges for companies 
that have established ethical and social standards to ensure that their principles are respected at all 
stages of the supply chain. Conducting our business with sustainable business practices is a core value 
at Stellantis. We are firmly committed to act in a socially responsible manner and in line with sustainable 
practices within Stellantis and at each level of the supply base. Procedures are in place to monitor 
and seek to mitigate risks related to the health and safety of the supply chain workforce, prohibiting 
human rights violations such as child labor and forced labor, and complying with conflict minerals and 
environmental protection regulations. We encourage the adoption and sharing of sustainable practices 
among our business partners and suppliers at all levels in the supply chain. 
Building strong responsible supply chains is an important focus for Stellantis. We use assessment 
tools that focus on topics such as the environment, labor and human rights, ethics and sustainable 
procurement. This approach helps develop opportunities within the supplier organizations while 
minimizing risk and potential reputational damage in the event of a failure in the supply chain. Stellantis 
monitors compliance with its Code of Conduct and the respect for human rights by its partners and 
subcontractors and by requiring contractual commitments and ongoing evaluations. 
Stellantis pays particular attention to redistributing a share of the value created for the benefit of the 
local communities where the Company operates. We achieve these goals by providing employment 
opportunities and through our philanthropic actions. Supplier localization is an important strategy. 
Having suppliers close to Stellantis manufacturing locations supports the local community and reduces 
the risk of supply disruption. 
7.1 RESPONSIBLE PURCHASING PRACTICES  
TO SUPPORT THE COMPANY’S DEVELOPMENT  
IN HOST TERRITORIES  
GRI 3-3
7.1.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION  GRI 2-28  GRI 410-1
CSR issue/challenge #20 Responsible purchasing practices to support the Company’s 
development in host territories
In order to support the Company's increasing internationalization and to reduce inequality in terms 
of economic development in host communities, it is crucial to boost local production close to final 
markets. Stellantis implements optimization measures such as: identifying local suppliers, supporting 
them in gaining necessary skills and encouraging current suppliers to relocate closer to our facilities 
to be aligned to our long-term strategic plans for globalization. This strategy has potential financial 
implications as it reduces inbound logistics costs, limits customs duties and reduces exposure to 
exchange rate fluctuations which impact production cost, margins and sales volumes. Reduction of 
long distance shipping benefits the environment by decreasing CO2 emissions.
Local sourcing allows us to better understand the expectations of stakeholders. Some of the 
expectations include technological solutions which fit the context and constraints within the area; 
taking advantage of operational proximity with partners; helping to achieve technological, logistical, 
social and environmental progress and benefiting from increased flexibility in the supply chain.
Company’s public position 
The monitoring of CSR issues related to supply chain management is of high importance to Stellantis. 
Responsibility for managing the supply chain does not end at the Tier 1 level. Our processes and controls 
are designed to meet the legislative requirements of France’s Duty of Vigilance, EU Conflict Minerals 
regulation, the U.S. Dodd Frank Act, and the Modern Slavery Act and to expand these principles to 
the extended supply network including the sub-tier suppliers. In 2023, Stellantis has taken significant 
measures to update our Responsible Purchasing Guidelines to ensure our suppliers are committed to 
responsibly sourcing minerals mined in conflict affected and high-risk areas, as well as committing to 
follow the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for 3TG minerals. Additionally, Stellantis requires its supply 
chain to commit to respecting the core principles of the ILO Declaration. 
The Company seeks to build and sell vehicles that meet customer expectations in alignment with social, 
environmental and ethical standards taking inspiration from the United Nations Guiding Principles for 
Business and Human Rights and the International Labour Organization (ILO) rules for human rights 
such as child labor and forced labor  7.1.5   7.2.2.5 . 
Stellantis renewed the UN Global Compact in 2021, and aligns with the principles of the Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights, the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the 
United Nations Convention against Corruption . We acknowledge the necessity to comply with rules 
for the responsible sourcing of materials, such as in the global battery value chain. Through the efforts 
of all companies the responsibilities are shared through our extended supply network. To make sure 
that our principles are duly met, we conduct targeted audits where risks are identified. We are vigilant 
with the implementation of measures within our sphere of influence. We seek to apply all these goals, 
practices and responsibilities globally, in standard fashion, in all our locations and countries we operate, 
and with our Tier 1 suppliers.
Involvement in host communities
The Company helps to set a context that is favorable to the development of the automotive industry 
including manufacturers, suppliers and equipment manufacturers in host communities. Working both 
internationally and locally, the Company is a stakeholder in initiatives to improve the automotive 
industry profile. A few examples of the work we do are: membership with the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative (RMI) which provides cross-sector engagement in responsible mineral sourcing, and in France, 
we are working in coordination with the Automotive Platform (PFA) to define and implement strategies 
for innovation, employment and skills. Stellantis also contributes revitalization funds to support the 
development of companies of the future.
In order to maintain the competitiveness of Stellantis sites, it is key to be able to complement local 
sourcing with competitive imported materials, while maintaining an environmental and social level 
playing field. 
252


Page 253:
7.1.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard 
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #20 Responsible purchasing practices to support the company’s development in host territories
VISION/AMBITION: Ensure selection of suppliers based on quality, competitiveness, and social, ethical and environmental standards, hence supporting responsible economic development in host territories
OWNER: Chief Purchasing & Supply Chain Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
% Annual Purchase Value (APV) 
purchased from Tier 1 suppliers 
evaluated on CSR
90% of APV of direct 
material (parts)
95% of APV of direct 
material (parts); 75% of 
APV of indirect material
Maintain 95% of APV for 
direct material; 90% APV 
for indirect material
More than 83% by 2 
providers (NQC and 
EcoVadis)
More than 87% of APV 
evaluated by EcoVadis
More than 89% of APV 
evaluated by Ecovadis
Average CSR scores of Stellantis 
Tier-1 Suppliers assessed 
by independent third-party 
vs average CSR scores of all 
companies assessed by third party
15% higher keep a positive gap of 
15% 
keep a positive gap of 
15%
16.2 % 16.1% 16.1%*
*We have extended our network with many new, smaller suppliers located in emerging countries.
7.1.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND 
OPPORTUNITIES
Suppliers as key participants in the value-creation chain  GRI 2-6
Responsibility for managing the supply network rests upon each participant of the supply chain. Stellantis 
aims to generate direct and indirect income and employment opportunities for the communities where 
the business is located. Faced with growing inequality in the economic development of the regions, it 
is vital to focus on redistributing the value created by the companies in the local communities in which 
they operate. We have the opportunity to strengthen our reputation in the territories and markets 
we operate in, as well as among civil society. When we enhance business opportunities in our host 
territories we create mutually beneficial situations, which include effects like the reduction of logistics 
costs and its carbon footprint, as well as employment stability for the area. 
Stellantis has a direct contractual relationship with more than 2,000 Tier 1 suppliers in direct material. 
It requires all of them to meet the CSR commitments set out in its Responsible Purchasing Guidelines  
 7.1.5 .
Stellantis differentiates suppliers into categories depending on the characteristics of the suppliers and 
the business relationship. 
The direct Tier 1 suppliers are evaluated for significance with regard to the overall strategy for Stellantis. 
Significant suppliers are classified as Level 1 and Level 2. Suppliers in the extended tiers are also included 
in our evaluation if they are part of a significant commodity of focus. Level 1 suppliers are the top 
spend category and level 2 suppliers complete the major portion of Stellantis’ APV. Significant supplier 
characteristics include: 
 ■ spend
 ■ innovation
 ■ strategic importance, i.e., location, material scarcity
Critical suppliers are a unique group that may be separate from the significant suppliers  7.1.7 
253


Page 254:
Raw Material impact in % per APV Purchased globally
 
 2023    2022    2021
 
Plastics 23.4%
5.2%
19.1%
5.4%
Electronics 17.1%
4.4%
18.3%
6.6%
Steel 18.7%
2.9%
18.5%
2.3%
Copper 9.0%
2.1%
11.5%
1.7%
Cobalt, 
Lithium 8.7%
1.7%
5.8%
1.8%
Aluminum 6.2%
0.5%
8.7%
0.4%
20.2%
5.6%
19.5%
2.6%
18.0%
1.8%
12.0%
1.7%
10.9%
1.5%
5.6%
0.4%
Rubber
PGM*
Paint and 
Coatings
Rare Earths
Glasses
Lead
* Platinum Group Metals
Key Supply chain figures
DIRECT TIER 1 
SUPPLIERS
2023
>2,000
2022
>2,000
NUMBER OF COUNTRIES 
OF OUR SUPPLY BASE
2023
>60
2022
>60
VALUE OF PURCHASES 
WORLDWIDE
2023
>104 Bn EUR
2022
>98 Bn EUR
>2,000
2021
>60
2021 2021
>82 Bn EUR
The Stellantis supply chain has two main distinguishing features: 
 ■ it is complex and involves a large number of different participants, starting from receiving a customer 
order which begins the engagement with our suppliers for materials, goods and services, up to the 
delivery to our customers worldwide; 
 ■ it must handle a wide diversity of possible combinations, and relies on its ability to successfully 
supply thousands of component combinations, which relies on successful supplier operations.
254


Page 255:
Sphere of influence in our supply chain
Other vehicles 
manufacturers Other vehicles 
manufacturers
Contractual relationships between Stellantis and its 
Tier 1 suppliers
Sphere of influence of Stellantis in its supply chain
Contractual relationships between Stellantis’s Tier 1 
suppliers and their own supply chain
Tier 1 suppliers
Tier 2 suppliers
Tier 3 suppliers
Tier N suppliers
 1 
 1 
 1 
 1 1 
 1 
1 
 2 
 2  2 
 2 
 2 
 2 
 2 
 2 
 3  3 
N 
N 
NN 
N 
 N 
N 
N 
1
3
2
N 
N 
N 
N N 
Plastics industry
Electronics industry
Vehicles manufacturers
Other industries
 3 
Risk #1 Complexity of extended supply chains
Risk 
Description
Stellantis seeks to produce vehicles that are attractive to our global customers based 
on their diverse values and preferences. Creating vehicles that delight the customer 
requires working with a complex and extended supply chain. 
We might face the risk of not being able to procure what we need because 
of concerns regarding human rights violations, market tensions, geopolitical 
disruptions, natural disasters and availability of natural resources, among others. 
The expectations for treatment of people needs to be clear for all levels of the 
extended supply network. For more information related to human rights in the 
supply chain  7.2 . Some countries have requirements for local sourcing content 
and Stellantis must address this factor and the issues that may arise. Financial risk 
for each entity in the supply chain is important to consider. Complex supply chains 
often require a higher degree of coordination taking into account dependencies 
between supply chain entities and can be vulnerable to disruption due to the 
many inputs. One additional risk is the shortage of important raw materials due 
to geopolitical risks such as military or civilian conflicts and disorder or suddenly 
changing regulatory requirements becoming more inconsistent from one country 
or region to another. One other result of this can be local and global pandemic 
shutdowns that prevent actors at any level of the supply chain to produce goods 
and services as requested.
Negative impacts are caused by interruptions to the flow of material, whether raw 
material, parts or services. Failure to apply appropriate supply chain management 
can have long lasting effects. An approach based on continuous risk assessment 
with the objective of reducing exposure to risk and improving performance is an 
important strategy. Stellantis aims to secure its global supply and avoid costly 
downtime in global production plants.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Increased environmental impact for CO2 emissions due to the distance traveled to 
provide the goods or services  2.7 
 ▪ Human Rights violations in the extended supply network, especially in sub-tier 
sourcing  7.2 
 ▪ Disruption of the supply chain due to the 
• failure or loss of suppliers 
• raw material shortage both locally and global
• pandemic shutdowns or lower tier supplier disruptions;
 ▪ Difficulty in accessing local skills among suppliers
 ▪ Poor quality due to multiple points of input
 ▪ Risk of counterfeiting and misuse of intellectual property could increase with many 
layers of sub-suppliers
 ▪ Risk of losing parts interchangeability (increased diversity).
255


Page 256:
Risk #1 Complexity of extended supply chains
Mitigation 
Strategy
Identify
 ▪ Code of Conduct and Responsible Sourcing policy
 ▪ Supply chain transparency through Tier 2 via Resilinc  7.1.7.1 
 ▪ Supplier CSR assessments reviewed during sourcing
 ▪ Supply Chain CSR Risk profiling via annual risk mapping activities (including areal 
and country risk)
Monitor
 ▪ Increase transparency of relationships throughout the extended supply network 
by partnering with service providers for supply chain mapping (RCS Global + 
battery suppliers or CMRT process, CDP and SGS)
 ▪ Worldwide monitoring for Stellantis Tier 1, some sub-tier for specific topics
 ▪ Supplier CSR assessments updated per specified frequency
Manage
 ▪ Audit activities to confirm compliance and discover areas for development and 
improved performance via an action plan
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Auto industry knowledge/resources/tools development via associations (RMI, 
AIAG, etc)
 ▪ Supplier training events
 ▪ Collaborative innovation to gain insight into potential risks within the extended 
supply chain e.g. the risk of forced labor in our supply chain beyond Tier 1 suppliers
 ▪ Optimization; process, development, schedule, industrial capacity
Risk #2 Inequality of economic development in host territories
Risk 
Description
Inequality in economic development can cause problems with creating long term 
relationships within host territories with our stakeholders and specifically with 
suppliers. It is beneficial to boost local production in order to support our increasing 
internationalization plans. When our suppliers are located close to our operations 
it drives more efficient supply and helps to minimize environmental concerns, while 
providing improved economic opportunities for the entire community.
Potential Impact
 ▪ When suppliers are positioned close to our operations we may avoid additional 
costs related to; logistics, customs duties, carbon tax penalties, exposure to 
exchange rate fluctuations, while also benefiting from initiatives to drive local 
economy development
 ▪ Failure to develop host territories could hinder Stellantis’ efforts to reduce scope 3 
CO2 emissions from suppliers  2 
 ▪ Skeptical public opinion can occur regarding the redistribution of generated wealth 
if development of host territories is lacking.
Risk #2 Inequality of economic development in host territories
Mitigation 
Strategy
Implementing measures in two separate areas:
 ▪ Identification of local suppliers and assisting them to gain the needed skills and 
operational capacity 
 ▪ Encourage our existing suppliers to relocate to clusters near to its facilities
By implementing these measures we are able to gain operational proximity which 
supports progress in technology, CSR and logistics. We also improve supply chain 
flexibility and reduce supply chain risk. By enhancing control of Tier-n suppliers 
it is possible to take account of the supply risks inherent in the multi-layered 
subcontracting chain.
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Reduce inbound logistics elements such as costs, CO2 emissions and time to deliver 
products and services to our operations
 ▪ Better knowledge of local operating methods and in the local stakeholder 
expectations
 ▪ Focusing on local supplier development can support suppliers becoming more 
competitive and could drive the ability to access more international organizations 
in the future
 ▪ Strengthen brand recognition and potentially increase sales of our products
Risk #3 Environmental impacts from operations and natural disasters within 
the supply chain
Risk 
Description
It is necessary to develop supply chains that are sustainable and can successfully 
manage multiple environmental impacts; such as those related to their own 
operations, physical damage from natural disasters or supply shortages. For 
activities related to supplier operations, starting from raw materials through to the 
production of goods and services, environmental impacts need to be appropriately 
addressed with robust standard operating procedures. The risk for supply 
disruption and reputational damage can occur if sufficient attention to an issue is 
lacking. Evaluating the impact of procuring and transporting the products, goods 
and materials through the supply chain (from the purchase of raw materials to 
network distribution) is essential to manage consumer expectations and the risks 
posed from the increasing number, scope and ambition of regulatory requirements. 
Potential Impact
 ▪ Ecosystem degradation  6.1.3 , i.e., deforestation and mining 
 ▪ Climate change  2.3.1.2 
 ▪ Natural disasters (earthquake, tornado, tsunami, flooding, etc)
 ▪ Exposure to eco-taxes levied on transport, as well as fossil energy price 
fluctuations
 ▪ Localized pollution impacts such as water, air and sound e.g., bauxite mining for 
aluminum production
256


Page 257:
Risk #3 Environmental impacts from operations and natural disasters within 
the supply chain
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Optimize transport plans - development of alternate modes of transport  2.7.3 
 ▪ ISO 14001 certification of suppliers (via a Sustainability Assessment Questionnaire 
review)
 ▪ Engage key suppliers with major Annual Purchased Value coverage (83% of direct 
suppliers by turnover) with corporate carbon accounting activities (via CDP in the 
short term)
 ▪ Industrial Risk Rating (IRR) for environmental concerns for countries and regions 
for natural disasters  7.1.6 
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Reduce upstream and downstream delivery times
 ▪ Best practice sharing
 ▪ Improving transport costs upstream (parts) 
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY 
Electrification relies on raw materials necessary to produce battery components. 
Stellantis’ Responsible Purchasing Guidelines integrate requirements regarding materials 
such as cobalt, where battery suppliers have obligations to disclose their raw material 
suppliers. Stellantis annually maps the sourcing of materials that are essential to electric 
vehicle battery manufacturing and is a member of the RMI to improve risk-identification 
in its supply chain. Due diligence is specifically conducted in the cobalt, lithium, nickel 
and graphite supply chains for all Stellantis battery suppliers in partnership with 
RCS Global, which conducted 31 external on-site audits (versus 30 in 2022) on critical 
suppliers in 2023  7.2.2.7 . 
Furthermore, in order to secure the supply of critical materials needed to produce  
low-emission vehicles, Stellantis has reinforced its lithium supply with direct sourcing in 
Europe and North America. This local sourcing initiative will facilitate due diligence and 
supply chain mapping regarding lithium. For the carbon strategy  2.7.3  
7.1.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS 
The Board of Directors will take in due consideration the interests represented by different 
stakeholders in evaluating the long-term strategy for sustainable value creation as it pertains to 
supply chain management. Stakeholder engagement feedback is analyzed regarding strengths, 
weaknesses, opportunities and threats and the findings are shared with the board to consider and 
integrate into supply chain management strategies. In addition, results of the annual risk assessment 
were consolidated into a Stellantis report for review, with the presentation of the most significant 
risks provided to the Stellantis Strategy Council. Once validated, results were discussed with the 
Audit Committee, assisting the Board of Directors in their responsibility for strategic oversight of risk 
management activities
The Global Purchasing and Supply Chain organization (GPSC) is the interface between Stellantis and 
its suppliers. The GPSC is responsible for meeting all legal and regulatory requirements under its scope 
and to mitigate exposure risk from its supply base by driving its suppliers to be compliant with these 
requirements. To support the direction of the GPSC, the GPSC EVP is a direct report to the CEO, and a 
member of the Top Executive Team, and as such, a member of the Company’s strategy council. 
Global Purchasing and Supply Chain coordinates actions at different levels: centrally, in its international 
sites and within its various local offices spread globally. To fulfill its role, the GPSC organizes the 
following priorities by seeking to ensure:
 ■ the competitiveness and responsible procurement of products, equipment and services purchased 
for the manufacture of Stellantis vehicles and subassemblies by selecting accomplished responsible 
suppliers able to meet Stellantis’ and stakeholder requirements 
 ■ that suppliers provide the Company with innovative, sustainable solutions that can give it a 
competitive edge by liaising closely with the Automotive Research and Advanced Engineering 
departments
 ■ that the Company benefits from the expertise of its suppliers on the best economic terms by 
continually recommending improvements to quality and costs and seeing that they feed into all 
phases of the product life cycle
 ■ the quality and security of supplies by verifying that suppliers intrinsically meet the standards 
required by the Company in terms of social and environmental responsibility, quality and logistics
 ■ that a panel of responsible, viable and capable suppliers is established by taking all the necessary 
actions to support and secure the global supply chain in the best interests of Stellantis.
GPSC is globally focused while taking local action, as appropriate. To support this it is necessary to 
work closely with other internal departments such as engineering, logistics, industrial and program 
teams and in general with all operating entities within Stellantis and its outside stakeholders. 
The Stellantis sourcing process includes supplier CSR performance as a key evaluation factor for selected 
suppliers who are subjected to this review on a risk-based approach. If the supplier performance is 
below the acceptable level an action plan to correct issues is required and must be approved by senior 
management. Governance is in place with monthly GPSC leadership team meetings, hosted by the Chief 
Global Purchasing and Supply Chain Officer, to monitor supplier CSR performance during sourcing.
GPSC also focuses on raw material management and applies appropriate due diligence using a risk 
matrix for specific materials. Approximately 25 materials are included in the evaluation, among them, 
tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold are designated as conflict minerals and of critical importance in this 
process. Our Conflict Minerals program is managed by regional and subsidiary conflict minerals team 
members  7.2.2.4 . A global lead provides overall program management and consolidation direction to 
ensure that the corporate obligation is fulfilled. This Conflict Minerals program supports:
 ■ our Annual Report on our conflict minerals due diligence processes, filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC). The purchasing commodity directors support escalation as needed 
to reinforce the importance of this legal requirement. The most recent report was filed with SEC in  
May 2023 1
 ■ our vigilance plan, in accordance with the French Act No. 2017-399 of 27 March 2017 on the duty of 
vigilance  8.3 
1 https://fcagroup.gcs-web.com/static-files/085139d6-96b5-441e-b032-a9782e042674
257


Page 258:
Stellantis has a long history working with the sheltered sector, where most workers are persons with 
disabilities. Suppliers in the adapted and sheltered sector are meeting the same standards as the 
Company’s other suppliers based on criteria such as quality, responsiveness and financial performance. 
Since developing this expertise, some sheltered suppliers have marketed their know-how to other 
customers and business sectors such as rail and aeronautical.
Top supplier business review meetings are conducted annually with the objective to share and align 
strategies at the highest level of both companies while identifying value creation initiatives for mutual 
benefit. During the discussions emphasis is placed on social and environmental topics. These meetings 
can be regional or global depending on the classification and relationship with the supplier and are 
hosted by purchasing executives.
7.1.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 2-29  GRI 205-2  GRI 414-1  GRI 412-3
The Stellantis Code of Conduct has specific language pertaining to responsible purchasing and this 
message is reinforced in internal and external policies.
Customers, Suppliers and Business Partners
Conducting our business with sustainable business practices is a core value at Stellantis. We encourage 
the adoption and sharing of sustainable practices among our business partners, suppliers and 
dealers through the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines. We strive to select all our suppliers based 
on the quality and competitiveness of their products and services and on their adherence to social, 
ethical and environmental principles while maintaining high standards of quality and taking care 
of the communities where we do business.Stellantis’ commitment to uphold and champion human 
rights includes communicating to our network of customers, suppliers and business partners that are 
expected to have practices surrounding:
 ■ Personal security and safety; 
 ■ Respecting property rights;
 ■ Preventing any form of cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, and
 ■ Safeguarding freedom of expression
Whistleblowing  5.1.7 
Stellantis reinforces that employees, suppliers, dealers, consumers and other stakeholders can and 
should report any concerns of alleged situations, events or actions that may have been inconsistent 
with the Stellantis Code of Conduct and request advice about the application of the Code if needed.
We are firmly committed to act in a socially responsible manner and in line with sustainable practices 
within Stellantis and with our supply base, seeking to protect the health and safety of its workforce, 
prohibiting child labor and forced labor, and complying with conflict minerals and environmental 
protection regulations.
Responsible Purchasing and Support for the Respect of Human Rights and the 
Environment in the Supply Chain
Stellantis’ Code of Conduct and policies reflect our commitment to human rights and integrity, in general 
alignment with principles expressed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the United Nations Convention against Corruption to 
its suppliers.
Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines
Stellantis takes inspiration from the risk-based due diligence approach advocated by the OECD’ 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct. The Company has deployed 
its Responsible Purchasing Guidelines 2 seeking to prevent child labor and forced labor in its supply 
chain, among other things, in line with the values expressed in International Labour Organization 
(“ILO”) principles. In the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines, the Company encourages its suppliers to 
be vigilant for CSR risks within their supply chain. The Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines 
require new and renewing suppliers to sign the guidelines. 
Stellantis has made significant enhancements to our Global Responsible Purchasing Guidelines 
regarding responsible and sustainable business practices. We have further aligned our operations 
with the ILO fundamentals and OECD Guidelines previously mentioned, seeking to ensure that 
labor rights are recognized and protected at every level. A heightened focus has been placed on 
the responsible sourcing of minerals, and increasing our commitment to OECD Conflict Mineral due 
diligence requirements. Additionally, our commitment to the protection of vulnerable groups has been 
amplified. We have also emphasized the importance of decent wages for adequate shelter, food and 
other necessities.
These improvements are underpinned by our dedication to global standards and best practices. Our 
commitment to remediation is more pronounced, bolstered by increased requirements of robust 
whistleblowing mechanisms that encourage transparency and accountability. We require zero 
retaliation against human rights defenders, thereby fostering an environment of trust and integrity. 
Through these efforts, the Company seeks to secure its supply chains and also intends to boost supplier 
performance, who are called on to introduce CSR policies within their own organization and with their 
supply and subcontracting chains. 
Suppliers are required to agree and implement the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines that cover:
 ■ compliance with law
 ■ promotion of and compliance with internationally accepted human rights standards
 ■ freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining
 ■ elimination of any forms of forced or compulsory labor
 ■ effective fight against child labor and modern slavery
 ■ elimination of discrimination in terms of hiring and occupation
 ■ anti-corruption measures and the prevention of conflicts of interest
2 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/global-
responsible-purchasing-guidelines.pdf
258


Page 259:
 ■ compliance with the legal minimum wage in national legislation or collective bargaining agreements 
while seeking to provide its workers and their families decent wages to afford reasonable and 
adequate shelter, food, and other necessities
 ■ working hours aligned with ILO Conventions 1 and 30
 ■ compliance with health and safety at work
 ■ implementation of an Environmental Management System such as ISO 14001 certification  2.7.1 
 ■ banning the use of prohibited substances and materials
 ■ encouraging suppliers to obtain CSR commitment from their own suppliers consistent with those 
required by Stellantis
 ■ combating the use of minerals originating from areas of conflict
 ■ storage and use of personal data
 ■ implementation of an environmental policy for research on green or recycled materials, the reduction 
of CO2 emissions and the protection of biodiversity
 ■ implementation of an anti-deforestation policy  2.7.1 
 ■ protection of animal welfare. 
Business contracts are awarded based on factors including:
Innovation
The Company involves its core and strategic suppliers in a disruptive innovation process, which is 
essential in order to meet commitments on reducing CO2 emissions, improving air quality and finding 
more sustainable materials e.g., increased recycled content for use in our products.
Efficiency
The CSR commitments that the Company asks its suppliers to make, enables them to reduce their 
own operational risks. Suppliers are informed of best practices and regulatory changes and can 
benchmark themselves by comparing their CSR performance against the industry average. Being 
aware of opportunities to build on their strengths and implement action plans to work on weaknesses 
provides suppliers with a path to improvement. Stellantis monitors the progress of the action plans 
required from suppliers and helps them find solutions to improve their product quality or optimize their 
processes.
Economic Performance
In view of the demanding supplier selection process, being a strategic or core supplier of Stellantis 
suggests a high-level of economic and CSR performance. Through innovation partnerships with 
Stellantis, suppliers are developing a competitive edge which can distinguish them from their 
competitors when bidding for contracts. They can create commercial opportunities with customers 
who, like Stellantis, regard CSR criteria as a key aspect of the supplier selection and listing process. The 
Company’s suppliers are expected to communicate their own CSR commitment and performance plus 
their EcoVadis score to their customers and stakeholders in all host regions. Similarly, when chosen to 
support Stellantis on international projects companies are boosting their prospects for other potential 
business opportunities by increasing their presence and competitiveness in new markets.
CSR Performance
The Company’s responsible purchasing approach drives attention to validated CSR performance from 
our suppliers. Our policy is to work with suppliers in a partnership to improve CSR performance overall. 
These expectations are an integral part of the supplier relationship and require a continuous focus to 
apply the needed resources to achieve top ranking status. This approach has created results that have 
Stellantis’ supplier average CSR performance clearly above the EcoVadis benchmark. 
Supplier Business Award and Third Party CSR Assessment
Stellantis’ policy for all sourcing activity to award business to new and existing suppliers requires 
that CSR performance is systematically taken into consideration and globally reviewed. The goal is to 
confirm responsible purchasing practices are in place with our selected suppliers and at an acceptable 
performance level. We seek to only award business to suppliers that share our values and can maintain 
required compliance and performance. 
Industry Guidance 
Supporting the development of the automotive industry is important to help make progress on common 
topics. Stellantis contributed on the revision of the Automotive Guiding Principles which are published 
by AIAG and Drive Sustainability. This document seeks to create alignment between automakers to 
address issues relevant to the industry, and to speak with a unified voice on the importance of a 
sustainable, ethical supply chain. These documents are updated on a regular basis and work to move 
the message forward and align with the evolving expectations for the entire supply chain. For example, 
the German regulation, Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz (LkSG)3 and the upcoming regulation in 
the EU are primary new additions to the content that already covers various existing requirements. 
The automotive industry needs to take on the challenges that are necessary to build the appropriate 
expectations for all levels of the complex and multi-tiered supply network. Stellantis is committed to 
being a engaged partner in the development and promotion of these needed guidance materials.
7.1.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES 
Responsible Sourcing is primarily a function of the Global Purchasing and Supply Chain (GPSC) 
department  7.1.4 . 
CSR activities are embedded into everyday life within the purchasing processes. Buyers are the 
primary point of contact for suppliers and required to make certain that all contractual obligations 
and expectations, such as the Responsible Purchasing Guideline, are upheld. They communicate with 
suppliers to raise awareness on requirements and confirm that supplier CSR performance, assessed 
by EcoVadis, is at the necessary level for the supplier to be considered for sourcing opportunities. 
EcoVadis assessments are required to be renewed annually and suppliers are subject to onsite audits 
from recognized assessment bodies based on risk assessments.
Supplier discussions are critical for alignment and driving results. Annual Supplier Business Review 
meetings are designed to address many factors that include CSR topics. A designated program lead 
manages the overall process and official documentation. The supplier discussion is supported by a 
member of senior management, at a minimum the head of the division, and the buyer. 
3 Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz (LkSG) is an Act on Corporate Due Diligence Obligations in Supply Chains
259


Page 260:
Experts are designated at various levels within the business units, including: 
 ■ GPSC Champion is a senior executive who is responsible for considering CSR issues/challenges in the 
decision-making process  
 ■ CSR Correspondents are responsible for the reliable disclosure of qualitative and quantitative data 
within their scope 
 ■ Regional Contributors are the local contacts that provide the specific regional elements as required. 
The Industrial Risk Rating (IRR) process is used to evaluate host territory risks for environmental 
concerns for countries and regions for natural disasters and is a critical element for responsible sourcing 
decisions. Every direct material sourcing applies this proactive procedure to support comprehensive 
risk analysis and prevention. 
We collaborate and participate with stakeholders to address common and specific issues. We focus on 
developing and implementing solutions that drive efficiencies and build common industry tools. Often 
the actions needed from suppliers are common within the automotive industry and can be leveraged. 
Some of the collaboration areas include:
 ■ internal departments such as engineering, logistics, industrial and program teams 
 ■ external stakeholders such as suppliers, OEMs and industry associations such as AIAG and VDA
 ■ service providers such as CDP and EcoVadis.
For more information on the achievements  7.1.7 
Purchasing CSR Resources Matrix
Resources & Tools Responsible 
Sourcing
Human Rights in 
the Supply Chain
Climate Change - 
Carbon accounting
Supplier Business Review 
meetings
EcoVadis (Incl. Sector Initiative) CSR assessment
RMI
Automotive Industry 
Associations 
AIAG, ANFIA, PFA, VDA
CDP
SGS Social Audits
RCS Global, VINE
Battery suppliers 
- supply chain 
transparency
Conflict Minerals Program 
Assent
Legal obligation - 
country of origin
Tier 2 global operational Risk 
Mapping tool
7.1.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS AND RESULTS GRI 412-3  
Stellantis has many initiatives that focus on responsible purchasing practices to support the Company’s 
development in host territories. The activities are designed to support local sourcing development 
while providing measures that mitigate risks from suppliers and subcontractors 4.
The Responsible Purchasing Guidelines address topics focused on: compliance with laws, regulations, 
social and ethical principles, environmental protection and sustainable procurement including training 
and support for small and local suppliers. Stellantis requires suppliers to sign the Guidelines and confirm 
that they are aware of the expectations necessary to maintain the status of a Stellantis supplier. 
Suppliers are critical links in the chain of responsibility.
Identifying CSR risks in the supply chain
Stellantis uses risk analysis (mapping) to identify and prioritize actual or potential CSR incidents in the 
supply chain such as environmental, social and ethical topics. Due to the layers of the extended supply 
chain it can be difficult to gain visibility upstream. Stellantis defined and has begun to implement a 
global process to continuously identify and monitor risks from certain non-Tier 1 critical suppliers when 
relevant. Its findings are shared across all regions.
Where risks are identified, Stellantis has a prevention system to implement and monitor specific action 
plans with involved suppliers to prevent or mitigate any impact to the supply chain. 
Trend performance for suppliers is used to track the effectiveness of improvement initiatives. When 
corrective action plans are launched the expectation is that CSR performance will improve for the 
targeted area. In 2023, 32% of suppliers have improved their CSR performance. The Company is 
transparent about the measures taken and the results obtained, which are published annually in our 
CSR report.
Risk mapping 
We have opted to identify CSR risk by commodity for direct material purchases. The methodology 
incorporates third-party assessment ratings, such as EcoVadis Rating Framework which provides: 
 ■ CSR risk profiles on internal commodities were developed
 ■ CSR risk profiles by country based on the EcoVadis list that includes 207 categories for 184 countries 
were developed 
 ■ supplier CSR performance assessments were entered in the EcoVadis database (currently more than 
100,000 suppliers assessed
 ■ collection of additional information from sources including unions, NGOs, media or data-collection 
specialists available for review. 
Critical suppliers are a Tier 1/Tier N supplier who could cause production stoppages at Stellantis plants 
or delay the sales launch of new vehicles. There are five categories of high-risk suppliers:
 ■ the only source of a product
4 CEO Tavares Marks a New Era for Stellantis in India: https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2022/
may/ceo-tavares-marks-a-new-era-for-stellantis-in-india#:~:text=CHENNAI%20%E2%80%93%20During%20
media%20interactions%2C%20Stellantis,Forward%202030%20global%20strategic%20plan
260


Page 261:
 ■ Stellantis purchases represent over 30% of their annual revenue
 ■ financially stressed
 ■ commodities or manufacturing processes known for increased concerns. These suppliers might 
cause a substantial negative impact on the environment, employment, human rights or society 
(particularly through unethical conduct)
 ■ located in high risk geographical areas.
For 2023, about 37% of the Tier 1 suppliers by number are considered as critical. Monitoring, mitigation 
and action plans are developed for these suppliers to implement a strategy customized for each case 
to protect Stellantis.
Supporting company transformation through strategic partnerships with our suppliers
As announced in the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan, Stellantis entered into strategic partnerships 
with leading companies intended to contribute to secure the supply of semiconductors, strategic raw 
materials and batteries for electric vehicles and support innovation, efficiency and shared know-how 
with Stellantis experts.
There were many strategic cooperative relationships in 2022, such as with:
 ■ Foxconn to secure the supply of purpose-built semi conductors with additional future collaborations.
 ■ Controlled Thermal Resources Ltd. for a binding offtake agreement with the objective to supply 
battery grade lithium hydroxide for use in Stellantis’ North American electrified vehicle production.
 ■ Vulcan Energy Resources Ltd. equity investment 
 ■ Samsung SDI joint venture for the production of battery cells and modules 
 ■ LG Energy Solution to invest in a joint venture
In 2023, there were many developments showing progress in the maturity of our efforts to create a 
more secure supply network. The Stellantis website provides access to press releases that offer greater 
detail regarding the information for these collaborations 5. 
Stellantis is assembling a roster of partnerships to ensure a stable supply of key materials for its 
electrified future. In addition to Kuniko, Stellantis has agreements with Alliance Nickel, McEwen Copper, 
Terrafame, Vulcan Energy, Element 25 and Controlled Thermal Resources 6.
Focus on raw material risks: a material risk mapping is regularly reviewed and updated in terms of the 
criticality of materials with specific characteristics, importance for competitiveness, little or no current 
alternative, potential scarcity due to limited global production or fragile supply chains and questionable 
CSR conditions e.g., conflict minerals, lithium, cobalt and mica. This mapping is designed to enable us 
to manage and secure our supply over a long-term period and focus our research and development 
5 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/july/stellantis-implements-multifaceted-
semiconductor-strategy-to-ensure-supply-security-drive-innovation
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/august/stellantis-invests-in-ctr-to-strengthen-low-
emission-us-lithium-production
https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/october/stellantis-samsung-sdi-announce-kokomo-
indiana-as-site-for-second-us-starplus-energy-gigafactory
6 https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/june/stellantis-signs-offtake-terms-and-invests-in-
kuniko-for-supply-of-norwegian-low-carbon-nickel-and-cobalt-sulphate
work on alternative materials. Our policy to seek out new, innovative materials combines with our 
quest to increase the proportion of renewable and environment-neutral materials in our vehicles.  
This analysis supports our ability to focus on critical suppliers, such as those included in our battery 
supply chain for development and management.  7.2.2.7  for more details on initiatives related to 
cobalt and other minerals.
Focus on conflict minerals: earnings from mining gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten might be used 
to finance armed conflict in the Republic of the Congo and surrounding countries. In accordance with 
required U.S. and EU regulations, Stellantis’ policy requires transparency from its suppliers about the 
origin of any raw materials and minerals they use  7.2.2.7 .
Environmental damage: this is damage caused to water, air and soil either as a result of natural 
disasters or industrial accidents, or due to overexploitation of natural resources. The focus on industrial 
supplier risks uses a mechanism that enables the buyer to quickly identify the Company’s exposure 
to the risks linked to each supplier production plant, using a matrix which takes into account criteria 
such as: geographical location (risk of natural disaster), the Company’s share in the plant’s production, 
how specific the technology used by the supplier is, how many of the Company’s vehicles are affected 
by production at this plant, etc. This assessment method is used systematically to prepare technical 
and industrial procurement policies for each product group and each call for tenders. This result is 
systematically taken into consideration in the supplier selection process globally.
7.1.7.1 Actions to mitigate risks from subcontractors or suppliers 
Supply Chain Transparency  is an important component of Stellantis’ strategic focus. Visibility 
through the Tier 2 supply chain level is provided via an IT tool from Resilinc which supports Stellantis 
in mitigating supply disruptions. Identification and mapping of Tier 1 & Tier 2 suppliers includes major 
risk overlays, such as strike events or environmental impacts. 24/7 event monitoring is communicated 
directly to the supply chain team. A key deliverable is the Event Watch for the Tier 1 and Tier 2 supplier 
events to avoid Stellantis Assembly Plant disruptions. The scope of this approach currently covers all 
suppliers in North America and Enlarged Europe.
Assessments of the supply chain by recognized assessment bodies
To support the supplier assessment process on CSR criteria and make it more robust, Stellantis 
has embarked on an assessment of its Tier 1 supply base using criteria related to the environment, 
workforce, ethics and subcontracting chain. It has outsourced this assessment to an independent 
external company, EcoVadis. The first step was to identify supplier risks more precisely. Stellantis 
informed its suppliers that this evaluation was a prerequisite for the placement of future business, 
and to remain on the supplier panel. Stellantis requires its existing suppliers to be reassessed each year 
to continuously improve their CSR performance. A corrective action plan is automatically required for 
suppliers that do not receive a score that meets the standards set by Stellantis.
261


Page 262:
Audits of suppliers at risk
In addition to the CSR assessment, on-site audits are performed. These audits are conducted for 
suppliers identified as risky according to three CSR criteria: countries (non-signatory country or country 
with questionable governance), products (inherently risky, such as promotional items) or processes 
(manufacturing processes involving hazardous substances). These social and environmental audits are 
also managed by an independent external service provider, SGS. An audit checklist is used covering the 
following topics:
 ■ CSR policy
 ■ human rights
 ■ working conditions
 ■ workplace health and safety
 ■ environment 
 ■ supplier CSR management system.
These audits provide a snapshot of how the supplier is performing in terms of the Company’s reference 
guide and the local statutes and regulations. The specifications stipulate that local auditors who speak 
the language of the audited site and who have a thorough knowledge of the applicable local laws, 
regulations and practices applicable to the site must carry out the audit. The external auditor creates 
an audit report for each audit. The report describes noncompliances and grades them according to four 
classifications; critical, core, minor and observations only, each requiring corrective action plans. If no 
satisfactory solution can be found to a critical or core noncompliance, a disengagement plan may be 
put in place after consultation with internal individuals affected by the decision. If necessary, an audit 
may be conducted to verify that action plans were implemented. If a reaudit is needed it would be 
scheduled for approximately 6 months from the original audit to allow for progress to be evaluated. 
During this period of time the corrective action plans are expected to be implemented and generating 
results. If it is found that there is no positive outcome, the corrective action plans would be updated, 
the evaluation period reconsidered, and internal discussions could occur regarding potential business 
discontinuation. The process applies to auditing for both social and environmental corrective actions. 
Reaudits are performed using the same questionnaire and rules as the initial audit. Additionally for 
compliance reasons a different auditing person will perform the audit to ensure objectiveness.
Suppliers and their production plants are expected to be IATF 16949-certified. The IATF standard meets 
the growing expectations of markets and governments in relation to ethical business practices. It also 
incorporates changes and complexities specific to the automotive sector, such as requirements for 
onboard software, and strengthening product traceability in accordance with regulatory changes. 
Stellantis has added additional specific requirements for this certification. These additions include 
adherence to the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines and they contain specific CSR advice and actions 
required by suppliers. IATF conducts audits to ensure compliance with these specific requirements. 
Steps taken to prevent risks: governance of the supplier relationship
Supplier briefings are held each month to provide suppliers with CSR updates, communicate the 
Company’s CSR expectations and inform them of legal and regulatory developments in CSR matters. 
Risk prevention takes place in the day-to-day relationship between buyers and suppliers. Stellantis 
pays particular attention to supplier training and provides them with tools that enable them to rapidly 
identify and react to risk situations. Suppliers have access to e-learning on CSR principles to evaluate 
and improve their CSR performance and how to build robust internal processes supporting CSR .
On account of Stellantis’ membership in the CCFA and PFA, the Automotive Sector Mediation Centre 
serves as an independent entity to provide support to automotive companies for amicable dispute 
resolution (in disputes relating to the business relationship between customer and supplier). There 
were no mediated cases between Stellantis and a supplier in 2023.
Training for buyers and suppliers
The supplier training curriculum covers subjects related to purchasing, quality, supply chain 
management, manufacturing, finance and engineering. There are dedicated classes on sustainability-
related topics such as responsible working conditions, environmental impacts, ethics and conflict 
minerals. The Company’s ambition is to train 90% of the suppliers in CSR risks and the Stellantis 
requirements by 2025. 
Buyer training includes modules for CSR topics, Conflict Minerals and expectations during the sourcing 
process. Specific commodities may have additional requirements, such as EV batteries, where additional 
regulation and policies are in place. In 2023, 6 training events (versus 3 in 2022) with in total over 2000 
attendees from purchasing (versus 700 in 2022), were held.
7.1.7.2 Monitoring signs of weakness to eliminate the causes of risk
Whistleblowing channel  5.1.7 
Stellantis reinforces that employees, suppliers, dealers, consumers and other stakeholders can and 
should report any concerns of alleged situations, events, or actions that may have been inconsistent 
with the Stellantis Code of Conduct and request advice about the application of the Code.
Stakeholder feedback 
Stellantis receives input from NGOs and actively collaborates with them on a partnership level. For 
example, we collaborate with selected NGOs on mica and leather programs. Additionally, a partnership 
with RCS Global, a responsible sourcing advisory and audit firm was established for a cobalt and lithium 
supply chain auditing program. Stellantis has expanded the scope to include additional suppliers and 
raw materials since 2021  7.2.2.7 . The Company also reviews media and news reports on topics 
related to NGO findings on raw materials of all kind.
Measures taken if suppliers are found to be noncompliant with CSR requirements
Stellantis has introduced a comprehensive toolkit to measure the social and environmental 
performance of its suppliers and to identify any shortcomings or risks. The suppliers questioned or 
audited systematically receive an analysis of their performance. For suppliers who do not achieve the 
required standard, a corrective action plan is put in place. Suppliers that do not improve and collaborate 
to do so with Stellantis to resolve the issues identified might ultimately be excluded from Stellantis’ 
supplier panel.
7.1.7.3 Supplier Risk and Engagement Achievements   GRI 414-1  GRI 414-2
Already in its short history, Stellantis has had many positive results from the actions taken with our 
suppliers. Our list of achievements provides the details related to the performance of our efforts.
262


Page 263:
 ■ Stellantis has maintained a high CSR compliance approval rate of 90% (was 92% in 2022)
 ■ more than 3,461 supplier groups were assessed by EcoVadis, an increase of >450 compared to 2022 
This accounts for more than 89% of the value of direct purchases, versus 87% in the past year.
 ● 76% Overall Supplier Sustainability score which is classified as Good (ratings higher than 45 
Points), up by 3% versus 2022
 ● 574 suppliers with corrective action plans in 2023 which is 16.6% of the total assessed suppliers 
(16% in 2022)
 ● 63% Tier 1 suppliers with their EMS certified according to ISO 14001 (was 61% in 2022)  2.7.1 .
 ■ 81 external social and environmental on-site audits were conducted (vs. 105 in 2022). Whenever 
a supplier is identified as noncompliant with the requirements of the Responsible Purchasing 
Guidelines, the Company requires the supplier to launch corrective action plans
 ● 31 (30 in 2022) audits were conducted by RCS Global for the battery supply chain from Tier 1 to 
mine sites, all 31 suppliers received their individual corrective action plan
 ● 50 (75 in 2022) SGS social and environmental audits for Tier 1 supplier were performed, all suppliers 
are working on corrective action plans 
 ■ for battery and hybrid electric vehicles the purchase contract has specific additional expectations 
that apply to battery suppliers in terms of due diligence and transparency to comply with the latest 
requirements regarding materials such as cobalt, lithium, graphite, and nickel
 ■ Stellantis supplier production plants are IATF 16949 and at a minimum ISO 9001 certified
 ● More than 80% of all suppliers are certified, of which:
 ■ 88% in South/Latin America
 ■ 85% in North America
 ■ 75% in Europe
 ■ More than 84% in the other regions
 ■ more than 87% of suppliers were trained on general CSR risks and requirements up by 2% versus 
2022
 ■ 11 of our vehicle plants in Europe are working with the sheltered sector 
 ■ over 2000 (versus 700 in 2022) participants joined in six training events (versus three in 2022) 
worldwide on the Stellantis CSR approach and ways to perform CSR actions.
Stellantis supplier performance shows that for the suppliers with a score >45, shown in green, are 
performing better than the EcoVadis benchmark. The benchmark is the average score of all suppliers 
aggregated in the EcoVadis tool.
Comparison between Ecovadis scores of Stellantis suppliers vs scores of all Ecovadis rated 
companies
 
00-14 15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65-100
0%
1%
1%
4% 3%
23%
8%
8%
26%
25%
18%
19%
27%
32%
30%
28%
13%
6%
8%
27%
26%
19%
17%
15%
1%
7%
16%
29%
28%
16%
18%
21%17%
23%
2023 
Stellantis Score
Ecovadis Benchmark
2021
2022
2021
2022
2023 
2023 Comparison between Ecovadis scores of Stellantis suppliers vs scores of all Ecovadis 
rated companies
95-10085-9475-8465-7455-6445-5535-4425-3415-240-14
30%
20%
10%
0%
0%
1%
7%
16%
29%
28%
14%
4%
0% 0%0%
3%
17%
23%
28%
19%
7%
1%
0% 0%
263


Page 264:
Additional supplier engagement achievements
Stellantis provides the “ SPW” (Stellantis Production Way) methodology and tools to our suppliers, both 
new and existing ones. SPW support included plant shop floor assessments for new launch suppliers 
and focused improvement activities for those supporting current production, in both technical and 
operational assistance to its suppliers. To maximize the effectiveness of the program, suppliers and 
commodities are prioritized based on their impact on Stellantis plants, purchasing strategy and the 
supplier's current performance. Particular emphasis is placed on supplier plants involved in upcoming 
product launches. Dedicated SPW knowledge experts from Stellantis provide guidance and mentoring 
to improve supplier’s key performance indicators and activities. 
Supplier programs that focus on fostering innovation to improve products, processes and content 
(this includes the reduction of Carbon related GHG) are essential for Stellantis. We may use different 
tools but it is the dedication of our employees that work with suppliers for value optimization and 
encourage a proactive approach to collaborate on cost saving ideas and technical solutions. In 2023 
we strengthened the Monozukuri process by a stronger involvement of our specialists to support our 
suppliers on their efficiency.
Our suppliers participated in more than 10 Technology Day events, ten of which were at Stellantis 
facilities in Europe and North America and more online or at supplier facilities. These events encourage 
collaboration with Stellantis personnel and suppliers on innovative solutions for features, efficiencies 
and quality, and allow suppliers to share their latest technological developments and concepts for the 
future. 
A partnership that promotes sustainable performance: Supplier Awards
The Supplier Awards are an opportunity to reaffirm the strategic importance of the supplier relationship 
as a fundamental driver in achieving the Company’s strategic plan for profitable growth and developing 
differentiating technological innovations in response to the challenges of global competition. Stellantis 
rewarded 16 of the best suppliers (12 in 2022) in each category including CSR Performance. The list of 
award-winning suppliers is validated by a committee to ensure that the suppliers are compliant with 
the assessment criteria in other categories. For example, a supplier cannot be given an award in the 
value-creation category unless it has reached the required CSR level. This level has to cover minimum 
the same performance as checked for sourcing, additionally a favorable score of the Ecovadis Scorecard 
as well as a robust Carbon neutralization plan and strong collaboration in the Stellantis Conflict Minerals 
Program (if applicable) 7.
7 Stellantis Recognizes 16 Suppliers for Quality, Commitment and Operational Excellence: https://www.stellantis.
com/en/news/press-releases/2023/october/stellantis-recognizes-suppliers-for-commitment-performance-quality-
and-operational-excellence
7.1.8 DETAILED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS GRI 204-1  GRI 407-1
 GRI 408-1  GRI 409-1  
  GRI 414-2  
7.1.8.1 Transparent communication on the results of due diligence  GRI 2-15  GRI 408-1
CSR Performance of the Company’s suppliers assessed by the external service provider 
EcoVadis
Performance category Year Compliant Minor non-compliance Core non-compliance
Global Overall CSR 
score
2023 76% 23% 1%
2022 73% 26% 1%
2021 71% 27% 2%
Environment
2023 76% 22% 2%
2022 73% 25% 2%
2021 71% 27% 2%
Labor & Human Rights
2023 79% 20% 1%
2022 77% 22% 1%
2021 75% 24% 1%
Ethics
2023 65% 31% 4%
2022 63% 32% 5%
2021 60% 34% 6%
Sustainable 
Procurement
2023 44% 47% 9%
2022 44% 45% 11%
2021 40% 49% 11%
264


Page 265:
EcoVadis assessment Key Performance Indicators
CSR KPI - Responsible Sourcing Year
Policy on corruption
2023 79%
2022 75%
2021 72%
Audit or assessment of 
suppliers on CSR issues
2023 54%
2022 52%
2021 50%
Active whistleblowing 
procedure in place
2023 43%
2022 48%
2021 51%
Whistleblowing procedure on 
ethics
2023 51%
2022 48%
2021 46%
Summary of 2023 onsite Audit results for critical suppliers
CSR Category Sub-topics
Observa-
tions
Minor non-
compliance
Core non-
compliance
Critical non-
compliance Total
Sustainability 
policySustainability policy 6 13 2 - 21
Human rights
Uphold freedom of 
association and the effective 
recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining
- 9 16 -
99
Elimination of any forms of 
forced or compulsory labor- 2 3 -
Zero-tolerance of child labor - 1 6 -
Elimination of discrimination 
in terms of employment and 
occupation
1 5 -
Anti-corruption measures 
and the prevention of 
conflicts of interest
2 3 2 -
Labor organization and 
disciplinary practice2 13 28 8
Working 
conditions
Remuneration - 15 30 15
151
Working hours 2 19 56 14
Workplace 
health and 
safety
Organization 2 27 26 3
326
Buildings 2 18 18 -
Fire Prevention 2 47 67 2
Machines/electrics 4 26 28 -
Hazardous substances 1 7 34 1
Canteen 2 4 4 -
Dormitories - - 1 -
Environment
General organization 3 11 10 -
54
Waste - - 5 -
Waste water - 2 3 -
Air Emissions 3 5 7 -
Soil - 2 - -
Water and energy 
consumption - 4 2 -
Management 
SystemSupply chain 4 7 9 - 20
Total 30 236 362 43 671
265


Page 266:
7.1.8.2 Supplier Spend Analysis  GRI 204  
Distribution of Stellantis Direct Material spend
  2023    2022    2021
Enlarged 
Europe
North 
America
48.0%
46.9%
43.2%
South 
America
43.1%
42.9%
50.1%
Middle East 
& Africa
7.7%
7.5%
5.6%
China and 
India & Asia 
Pacific
1.2%
1.2%
0.9%
0.1%
1.5%
0.2%
Value of Direct Material Purchases by Supplier Origin
Year
Enlarged Europe
2023 40.7%  
2022 32.7% 
North America
2023 37.6% 
2022 52.3% 
South America
2023 6.3% 
2022 1.4% 
Middle East & Africa
2023 4.7%  
2022 4.8% 
China and India & Asia Pacific
2023 10.7% 
2022 8.8% 
Top APV Suppliers - 2023 Distribution
0 2,000500 1,000 1,500
20%
40%
% of spent
Number of Top suppliers
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
30%
10%
266


Page 267:
7.2 HUMAN RIGHTS 
GRI 3-3
 
7.2.1 GLOBAL APPROACH FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
7.2.1.1 Identification and management of risks and opportunities
Stellantis Salient Human Rights Risks 
Based on a comprehensive human rights risk assessment, several salient risks have been identified 
within our organization. These risks encompass various aspects of our operations and supply chain, 
and it is crucial to address them in order to uphold our commitment to human rights. Our company 
is operating ethically and responsibly, promoting a culture of respect, fairness, and inclusivity that 
includes acknowledging and actively mitigating these Human Rights risks.
Risk #1 Potential human rights abuses 
Risk 
Description
The complexity of global operations and the need for engaging with numerous third 
parties expose Stellantis to potential human rights abuses that could occur without 
robust due diligence. Effective due diligence is critical in identifying and mitigating 
human rights risks, including labor violations and discrimination within the extended 
network of Stellantis operations and supply chain.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Non-compliance with international human rights standards
 ▪ Labor rights violations in supply chain leading to legal sanctions
 ▪ Damage to brand reputation due to association with human rights abuses
 ▪ Negative media coverage
 ▪ Consumer backlash
 ▪ Deterioration of shareholder trust
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Establishment of comprehensive due diligence requirements within Purchasing, 
Raw Materials, and M&A
 ▪ Development and implementation of a training curriculum on human rights due 
diligence for employees
 ▪ Creation of a due diligence checklist and scorecard for third-party assessments
 ▪ Regular audits and updates to due diligence processes to align with international 
standards and best practices
 ▪ Engagement with third parties to ensure understanding and compliance with 
Stellantis’s human rights expectations
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Strengthening Stellantis’s position as a leader in ethical business practices
 ▪ Building long-term supplier relationships based on transparency and shared values
 ▪ Implementing innovative due diligence tools and technologies for better oversight 
and management of human rights risks
 ▪ Increasing market access and customer trust through demonstrated commitment 
to responsible practices
 ▪ Leveraging due diligence initiatives to gain competitive advantage and access to 
new markets
Risk #2 Child / Forced Labor 
Risk 
Description
The global scale of Stellantis's operations and supply chain presents the inherent 
risk of child and/or forced labor, which may occur not only among suppliers but 
also within our own operational spheres. The complexity of monitoring such a vast 
network necessitates stringent vigilance and robust controls to safeguard against 
any human rights violations and to adhere with labor laws in all jurisdictions where 
we operate.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Infringement on international and local labor laws within our operations and 
supply chain
 ▪ Loss of consumer confidence and reduced market share
 ▪ Disruption of production due to seizure of parts
 ▪ Severe damage to Stellantis’s brand reputation and consumer trust
 ▪ Legal repercussions and financial penalties from non-compliance with global labor 
laws
 ▪ Disruption in supply chain due to the unethical labor practices
 ▪ Investor scrutiny and potential divestment
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Zero-tolerance through the revised Responsible Purchasing Guidelines towards 
child and forced labor in any part of the operations or supply chain
 ▪ Rigorous supply chain mapping to trace the origins of raw materials and labor 
practices
 ▪ Regular social compliance audits and risk assessments to identify and address 
areas of concern
 ▪ Formalize partnerships with local NGOs and international organizations to 
enhance labor standards and protections
 ▪ Training programs for suppliers and employees to recognize and prevent child and 
forced labor
 ▪ Pushing knowledge of Stellantis’ whistleblower mechanism throughout the supply 
chain to report violations anonymously
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Enhancing the ethical sourcing aspect of the brand, contributing to a stronger 
market position
 ▪ Gaining recognition as a responsible and ethical leader in human rights within the 
automotive industry
 ▪ Developing more resilient and sustainable supply chains through increased 
transparency and ethical practices
 ▪ Creating shared value by supporting community development and reducing 
poverty, which are underlying causes of child and forced labor
 ▪ Fostering innovation in monitoring and compliance tools to ensure ethical labor 
practices
267


Page 268:
Risk #3 Inadequate/Unequal Wages 
Risk 
Description
Stellantis recognizes the risk of inadequate or unequal wages within our operations 
and extended supply chain. Discrepancies in pay can arise due to gender, ethnicity, 
or other discriminatory factors, and may also result from failure to adjust wages 
to meet living costs in certain regions. We aim to provide employees a fair 
compensation that reflects their valuable contribution and complies with living 
wage standards.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Potential violation of equal pay laws and fair labor standards
 ▪ Increased turnover rates due to employee dissatisfaction with pay disparities
 ▪ Negative impact on employee morale, productivity, and quality of work
 ▪ Prolonged labor negotiations that impact production
 ▪ Damage to company reputation as an equitable employer
 ▪ Legal challenges and financial liabilities from wage discrimination claims
 ▪ Erosion of trust with stakeholders and potential consumer boycotts
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Regular analysis of roles and wages to identify and rectify discrepancies across all 
levels and locations within Stellantis operations
 ▪ Commitment to transparency in compensation practices and proactive 
communication with employees regarding wage policies
 ▪ Ongoing training for HR and management personnel to prevent wage 
discrimination
 ▪ Strengthening of internal reporting mechanisms for employees to safely raise 
concerns about wage inequality
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Positioning Stellantis as a leading ethical employer that prioritizes fair 
compensation, attracting top talent
 ▪ Enhancing employee engagement and loyalty through transparent and fair wage 
practices
 ▪ Fostering a more inclusive and equitable workplace culture that supports diversity 
and equal opportunity
 ▪ Leveraging fair wage standards as a competitive advantage in the market
 ▪ Contributing to economic stability, living wages and growth in the regions we 
operate 
Risk #4 Land, Air, Water & Waste Pollution
Risk 
Description
In our operations, Stellantis faces the risk of environmental impact through the 
emission of pollutants into the land, air, and water, as well as the generation 
of waste. This risk is heightened by increasing regulatory requirements and 
stakeholder expectations around environmental sustainability and the ecological 
footprint of manufacturing processes.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Non-compliance with environmental regulations leading to legal penalties and 
operational restrictions
 ▪ Negative impact on local ecosystems and community health, potentially resulting 
in public backlash and loss of social license to operate
 ▪ Increased scrutiny from environmental watchdogs and advocacy groups
 ▪ Potential for significant remediation costs and investment required for compliance 
upgrades
 ▪ Diminished brand reputation among environmentally conscious consumers and 
investors
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Conducting comprehensive Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) audits to 
identify and address areas of concern
 ▪ Implementing advanced technologies and process improvements to minimize 
emissions and waste production
 ▪ Adopting a stakeholder engagement policy that encourages reporting and 
dialogues on environmental concerns
 ▪ Regularly reviewing and updating environmental policies and procedures to align 
with best practices and regulatory changes
 ▪ Review that regional controls address Human Rights in the environment through 
leveraging of Human Rights Champion Network
 ▪ Integration of environmental considerations into product design and life-cycle 
management
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Enhancing brand reputation through demonstrated environmental stewardship 
and leadership
 ▪ Achieving cost savings and operational efficiencies through waste reduction and 
energy optimization
 ▪ Accessing new markets and customer segments that prioritize environmental 
responsibility
 ▪ Leveraging environmental compliance as a competitive advantage and 
differentiator in the automotive industry
 ▪ Fostering innovation in sustainable practices that can lead to new business models 
and revenue streams via the circular economy as part of our Dare Forward 2030 
strategy
268


Page 269:
Risk #5 Harassment / Retaliation 
Risk 
Description
At Stellantis, our diverse and expansive workforce, encompassing a variety of 
cultural backgrounds and operational roles, can inadvertently increase the likelihood 
of misunderstandings that may escalate into harassment or retaliation. The diversity 
that strengthens our team also brings challenges in ensuring that all employees 
share a common understanding of acceptable behavior. Proactive and robust 
controls within our operations are vital to address and mitigate these risks, fostering 
a respectful and inclusive work environment.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Misinterpretations arising from cultural differences may lead to conflicts, affecting 
team cohesion and productivity
 ▪ Risk of non-compliance with varied international and local workplace conduct 
regulations
 ▪ Potential for legal ramifications and financial liabilities if harassment or retaliation 
occur and are not addressed effectively
 ▪ Damage to Stellantis's internal community and external market reputation as an 
equitable and harmonious workplace
 ▪ Possible attrition or difficulty in attracting diverse talent due to perceived 
inadequacies in addressing workplace issues
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Continuation of a comprehensive, culturally sensitive training program to address 
workplace diversity and prevent harassment and retaliation
 ▪ Utilization of Human Rights Champions to review regional controls and initiatives 
in place that can be benchmarked globally
 ▪ Continued promotion of the Integrity Helpline and anti-retaliation policies. 
 ▪ Active promotion of diversity and inclusion initiatives to foster mutual respect and 
understanding among employees
 ▪ Ongoing dialogue and education to provide clarity on the definitions and 
consequences of harassment and retaliation in the workplace
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Enhancing Stellantis's reputation as a socially responsible and inclusive employer, 
improving our competitive edge in the global market
 ▪ Strengthening intercultural competence across the workforce, leading to a more 
innovative and collaborative organization
 ▪ Increasing employee engagement and performance by establishing a safe and 
supportive working environment
 ▪ Demonstrating leadership in corporate ethics, potentially influencing industry 
standards and practices
 ▪ Leveraging a respectful and harmonious workplace culture to attract and retain 
top talent from diverse backgrounds
Risk #6 Failure to comply with Human Rights Regulation
Risk 
Description
Stellantis operates in a myriad of jurisdictions, each with its unique human rights 
regulations, making compliance a complex but essential task. The diversity of 
laws and standards across our operational footprint requires vigilant oversight 
and robust controls to ensure adherence to all relevant human rights obligations. 
Due to our expansive geographical presence, the risk of non-compliance, whether 
due to oversight or the evolving nature of regulations, is heightened and must be 
addressed proactively.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Potential legal penalties and sanctions for non-compliance with human rights laws 
and regulations
 ▪ Operational disruptions resulting from enforcement actions or restrictions
 ▪ Damage to Stellantis's global reputation and credibility as a responsible corporate 
citizen
 ▪ Challenges in market access or expansion due to regulatory non-compliance
 ▪ Investor and consumer confidence could be undermined by perceived governance 
weaknesses
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Establishment of a dedicated compliance unit within the Human Rights Office to 
monitor and ensure alignment with local and international regulations
 ▪ Conduct bi-annual survey via Human Rights Champion network on new Human 
Rights legislation in the markets that they represent.
 ▪ Regular training for legal and compliance/human rights teams on the latest human 
rights regulatory developments
 ▪ Annual audit conducted to identify and rectify potential breaches
 ▪ Engagement with industry associations and regulatory bodies to stay at the 
forefront of compliance standards
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Leveraging compliance as a differentiator in the market, enhancing trust with 
customers and partners
 ▪ Preemptively adapting to regulatory changes, positioning Stellantis as a leader in 
corporate human rights responsibility
 ▪ Improving stakeholder relations through transparent and proactive compliance 
communications
 ▪ Utilizing compliance excellence to minimize risk and foster sustainable business 
practices
 ▪ Attracting ethical investors looking for companies with strong compliance and 
governance records
269


Page 270:
7.2.1.2 Governance and associated resources
Human rights stand as a foundational pillar of Stellantis' values. Our commitment to these principles 
shapes our operations, striving to ensure that every endeavor we undertake, every partnership we 
form, and every product we create reflects with our respect for the sanctity of human dignity.
The strategic direction of all of the organization’s sustainability and corporate social responsibility-
related activities is overseen by a dedicated ESG committee of the Board of Directors. The ESG 
Committee receives regular reports from the Human Rights Officer regarding program compliance, 
salient risks and status of mitigation activities.
Below is a chart depicting the governance structure of the Human Rights Office and their oversight 
bodies:
Human Rights Governance
Board of Directors ESG 
Committee
Global Ethics & Compliance 
Committee
Human Rights Committee - 
Chaired by CHR&TO
Chief Audit, Compliance & 
Human Rights Officer
International Affairs &  
Americas Compliance
Human Rights  
Manager
Country Human Rights  
Officers
Markets HRTS Human Resources 
Champion
Markets HRTS Purchasing 
Champion
Head of Human Rights
A main driver of the Stellantis program is our Human Rights Due Diligence Framework. This framework 
is in alignment with the OECD Guidelines. We have strengthened our organizational structure by 
creating a Human Rights office, that is governed by a Human Rights Officer and a Committee that 
closely monitors all human rights initiatives. 
Decisions regarding Human Rights issues are made by a Human Rights Committee whose 
multidisciplinary membership is comprised of operational leaders and senior management from in 
business areas such as Audit & Compliance, Human Rights, Legal, Public Affairs, Sales & Marketing, 
Supply Chain, Purchasing, etc. and includes the Chief Human Resources and Transformation Officer as 
Chair of the Committee. 
The Human Rights Committee has responsibility for oversight and enforcement of the Human Rights 
Policy globally. Decisions are made by majority vote, with the Chairman having the power to break a 
tie. Meetings of the Human Rights Committee are held on a quarterly basis. Oversight of the Human 
Rights Committee and of the Human Rights Program is performed by the Global Ethics and Compliance 
Committee, who reports on the same to the Stellantis’ Audit and ESG Committees of the Board of 
Directors. 
The Human Rights Committee’s responsibilities include the evaluation and approval of:
 ■ the existing human rights control framework of the Company 
 ■ the deployment and efficacy of and the Human Rights Program 
 ■ plans to develop new or strengthen existing human rights controls, as appropriate
 ■ the risk mapping of human rights for the organization on an annual basis
 ■ public disclosures regarding human rights
 ■ investigations, dispositions. and remediation, if relevant, of any potential issues of significance 
involving human rights.
Implementation of the decisions of the Human Rights Committee is the responsibility of a dedicated 
Human Rights team. Allocating resources to a comprehensive system aimed at upholding and 
advancing human rights. This includes: continuously monitoring human rights risks and incorporating 
them into our global risk enterprise, engaging with local, independent, and representative stakeholders 
- as described in our newly published Stakeholder Engagement Policy.
As part of its duties, the Human Rights team conducts internal risk assessments annually, gathers 
inputs from internal and external stakeholders (including a global Human Rights Champions network), 
conducts benchmarking, and prepares and deploys surveys, hold focus groups, training and reports to 
provide a global reach of policy review, continuing education and stakeholder feedback.
With business owners in place for each identified risk, the next step involves crafting Key Performance 
Indicators (KPIs). These KPIs are designed not just to measure performance but to guide us toward the 
goals of prevention, mitigation, and remediation. We recognize the importance of transparency to our 
stakeholders. Thus, we commit to publicly disclose the defined risks and KPIs both on this website and 
within our various disclosure documents, such as this CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Report.
The Stellantis Human Rights Program is a cornerstone in our commitment to social responsibility 
and ethical business conduct. As such, the identification and involvement of stakeholders within this 
program are paramount to its effectiveness and integrity.
270


Page 271:
Internal Stakeholders: The program's foundation is built upon the participation of a diverse group 
of internal stakeholders, each bringing expertise and influence to address human rights concerns. 
This includes teams such as Responsible Purchasing, which aligns our supply chain with our human 
rights standards, and Global Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, which champions non-discrimination and 
equality. Compensation and Benefits are tasked with safeguarding equitable pay and living wages, 
while Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) are instrumental in maintaining safe and respectful 
working conditions.
Moreover, individuals and groups potentially affected by human rights issues – such as brand 
representatives and manufacturing employees, and employee representatives – constitute a critical 
stakeholder segment. Their perspectives and experiences inform our program's approach to risk 
mitigation and policy development.
Ensuring Ethical Conduct: The third group of stakeholders comprises departments like Audit and 
Compliance, Public Affairs, Legal, and Communications. These teams are pivotal in upholding Stellantis's 
stature as an ethical entity, diligently working to embed human rights considerations into our corporate 
fabric and operations.
These internal functions are actively engaged through comprehensive risk assessments, including 
surveys, focus groups, and in-depth interviews. Relevant business functions assume responsibility for 
managing actions and Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) to address salient risks identified through this process.
External Stakeholder Engagement: Recognizing the importance of external perspectives, Stellantis 
places a high priority on engaging with parties outside the company. We published a Stakeholder 
Engagement Policy in December 2023, outlining Stellantis’ commitment to create and share value 
by engaging in long term relationships with its Stakeholders through dialogue in a transparent, 
meaningful, and ethical manner on the sustainability aspects of the Company’s strategy. Our approach 
to human rights has been informed by insights gleaned from interactions with counterparts in the 
automotive sector, as well as the snack and beverage industries. This cross-industry learning validates 
that our Human Rights Program is reflective of best practices and leads the way in corporate human 
rights advocacy.
In addition, we actively respond to engagement requests from stakeholders and participate in industry 
associations. This collaboration enables us to confront human rights challenges with the collective 
strength and wisdom of the broader industry, ensuring that Stellantis's Human Rights Program is not 
only robust but also aligned with the most progressive and effective industry standards.
Our commitment is to maintain a program that is both dynamic and responsive, ensuring that Stellantis 
remains at the forefront of human rights protection in every aspect of our business
7.2.1.3 Policies to execute the strategy
Stellantis is firmly committed to respect and support human rights in all of our activities, in all of the 
countries in which we operate.
Our approach is consistent with the international human rights standards and frameworks. Stellantis 
upholds the United Nations Guiding Principles, the International Bill of Human Rights, United 
Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises, the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work of the International 
Labour Organization (ILO), with explicit commitment to the ILO core areas, the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Modern Slavery Act 2015 with respect for the human 
rights, fundamental freedoms, democratic principles and standards established in the International Bill 
of Human Rights.
In support of its commitments to human rights, Stellantis seeks to apply standards that protect our 
workers, enhance our integrity across the organization and provide effective grievance mechanisms 
to employees and stakeholders. Human Rights are the foundation of our diversity and inclusion policy, 
and we don’t tolerate any harassment or discrimination based on differences, including, but not limited 
to race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, parental status, religion, political 
opinions, trade union activities, national origin, disability status, genetic information or any other basis 
protected by applicable law.
The Stellantis Human Rights policy 8 and our Stakeholder Engagement policy 9 are publicly available 
on the global website.
Additionally, Stellantis pledges its commitment to respecting human rights throughout its entire supply 
chain detailed in the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines  7.1.5 . 
7.2.2 HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN
7.2.2.1 Context and Stellantis position  GRI 2-29
CSR issue/challenge #21 Human rights in the supply chain
Expectations from stakeholders are growing in terms of their interest to be informed about the origin 
of products and related production conditions for what they buy. It is crucial that we work to provide 
transparency throughout the supply chain, regardless of the difficulty to implement. 
Managing social, societal and ethical impacts in the supply chain is a core priority for Stellantis, given 
the extensive expansion of our supply base in emerging countries. We intend to align with common, 
globally embraced environmental and social principles by working together to improve our supply base 
sustainability development. Enhancing transparency regarding raw material origin and human rights 
within our complex global supplier network is a high priority. We respect the responsibility we have 
for due diligence and the opportunity to be socially mindful within the extended enterprise. Stellantis 
focuses on improving supplier social performance and complying with social, societal and ethical 
standards in our supply chain by applying OECD due diligence guidelines to our supplier monitoring 
activities. 
Company’s public position 
Stellantis expects the commitment of our suppliers, contractors, and other business partners with 
whom we do business, to adopt standards in line with internationally accepted principles regarding 
human rights, labor practices, occupational health and safety, and other measures that contribute to 
an overall improvement in occupational health and safety performance throughout the value chain.
8 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/sustainability/human-rights/Stellantis-Human-
Rights-Policy-EN.pdf
9 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/group/governance/corporate-regulations/
Stellantis-Stakeholder-Engagement-Policy.pdf
271


Page 272:
Moreover, the Frameworks Stellantis analyzes to focus on and monitor Human Rights in the supply 
chain are as follows:
Duty of Vigilance - French Act No. 2017-399,
 
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business & 
Human Rights
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
Development Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
Development Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from 
Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas
 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
 
2015 Modern Slavery Act 
European Union Conflict Minerals Regulation,
 
International Labour Organization Declaration 
on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
Development Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Business Conduct
 
United Nations Global Compact
 
 
 
 
European Union Battery Regulation
 
LkSG - German Supply Chain Act
This expectation is set out in Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines. 
In its Code of Conduct, its Human Rights Policy, in the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines, and as a 
signatory to the United Nation’s Global Compact, the Company expresses its commitment on human 
rights, and principles as expressed in various recognized foundational documents, such as the OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the United Nation’s Declaration of Human Rights, the United 
Nations Convention against Corruption, and other documents.
In this spirit, we strive to implement preventive measures to uphold human rights and ethical 
principles, meet social and ethical standards inspired by the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) 
rules for human rights such for the abolition of child and forced labor, the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, and customer expectations considering the risks specific 
for the automotive supply chain. We also endeavor to adhere to the standards, norms and regulations 
defined by supranational bodies, such as ISO 26000, ISO 20400, ISO 14021, REACH. Our processes and 
controls intend to meet the legislative requirements of France’s Duty of Vigilance, EU Conflict Minerals 
regulation, the U.S. Dodd Frank Act and the Modern Slavery Act and to extend these principles to 
the supply network including the sub-tier suppliers. Stellantis took significant measures in 2023 to 
update the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines to strive towards ensuring our suppliers are committed 
to responsibly sourcing minerals mined in conflict affected and high-risk areas as well as committing to 
follow OECD Due Diligence for 3TG minerals. Suppliers are required to commit to and respect the ILO 
core principles. 
Stellantis does not tolerate forced and child labor throughout the entire supply chain, including raw 
materials suppliers. We require that our direct and indirect suppliers apply Stellantis requirements 
including social and ethical standards and cascade them throughout their supply chain. 
7.2.2.2 Forward-looking vision and targets
Commitment scoreboard
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #21 Human rights in the supply chain
VISION/AMBITION: Require, monitor and control the total respect for human rights along the entire global supply chain process, involving all actors to ensure transparency and full alignment with Human Rights 
principles.
OWNER: Chief Purchasing & Supply Chain Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2025) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2050) 2021 2022 2023
Average human rights scores of 
Stellantis Tier-1 suppliers assessed 
by independent third party
Increase of +2.5% vs 
score as of 01/01/21
Increase of +5% vs score 
as of 01/01/21
in top level performance 
category
2.7% increase in 
performance during 2021
4.4% Increase in 
Performance since 01/01/21
6,4% Increase in 
Performance since 01/01/21
272


Page 273:
7.2.2.3 Identification and management of risks and opportunities  GRI 2-28  GRI 407-1  GRI 408-1
Human Rights and Forced Labor commitments
Stellantis is focused on human rights and the encouragement of appropriate attention from our 
supply network. An important aspect we address is the prohibition of child or forced labor within the 
extended supply chain. This is a difficult task beyond our Tier 1 suppliers. We have created partnerships 
with providers that will support our actions to map and monitor the many layers within the complex 
extended supply network. We have started the global supply chain mapping process by analyzing 
parts, commodities, and materials to enhance supply chain visibility by multi-tier mapping for suppliers 
in our value chain. With data we receive from mapping, we are in a better position to leverage supplier 
relationships and gain insights on human rights risks in our suppliers sub-tiers, by understanding risks 
that are associated with site locations in countries that have been alleged to support forced labor. 
Risks are reviewed and analyzed continuously through an internal forced labor working group made 
up of Purchasing and Supply Chain, Human Rights, Compliance, Legal and Public Affairs to address new 
concerns throughout the supply chain. 
Additionally, participation on automotive industry work groups is part of our process to address the concerns 
of forced labor by bringing together expertise from cross functional teams. Customs and Sustainability 
teams from OEMs and suppliers are working together to help develop ideas and strategies  7.1.6 .
Stellantis pays specific attention to the Human Rights section of the overall Responsible Sourcing topic.
Risk #1 Human Rights violations in the extended supply network
Risk 
Description
Due to the extended supply chain structure it can be difficult to ensure the avoidance of 
human rights violations. Supply chain management based on continuous risk assessment 
with the objective of reducing exposure to risk and improving performance is a critical 
element for Stellantis’ supply chain management programs. It is of high importance to work 
with suppliers that share the same objectives; to support the elimination of human rights 
violations while seeking to improve working conditions in addition to equal treatment 
and opportunities for all workers. We expect our suppliers to share the principles we live 
by, as detailed in the Responsible Purchasing Guidelines, and to cascade these principles 
throughout the extended supply network.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Violation of legislation in case of an incident (e.g.Duty of Vigilance, Uyghur Forced 
Labor Prevention Act, Uyghur Human Rights Protection Act ) in the global supply 
chain
 ▪ Supply disruption due to strikes/social conflicts
 ▪ Remediation costs to resolve issues found at any level of the extended supply 
chain
 ▪ Compensation to victims in the event of incidents
 ▪ Loss of productivity and quality
 ▪ Ethical breaches on supplier quality risks
 ▪ Reputation risk - crisis of confidence in the event of a proven supplier failure
 ▪ Declining Brand reputation that might impact sales
 ▪ Additional measures may be required to secure supply (security stock/dual 
sourcing)
 ▪ Supplier removal from panel or bid
Risk #1 Human Rights violations in the extended supply network
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Identify risk by commodity, country and industry for direct and develop plans for 
indirect material purchases
• Based on EcoVadis Rating Framework and/or other risk intelligence sources 
 ▪ Commitment to the Global Compact and building on its Great Place to Work 
Framework Agreement, which extends to suppliers and partners
 ▪ Engagement with several multi-stakeholder organizations, both within and 
outside the automotive industry
 ▪ Onsite audit activities
• RCS Global - Battery suppliers
• SGS - Social audits
 ▪ Corrective action plans
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Gap analysis for regulations and the opportunity to improve the industry and our 
suppliers. 
• German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act LkSG as of 2023
• Fight Against Foced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act
• New EU CSR Directives as of 2024
 ▪ Supplier development through mentoring and training
 ▪ Access to regulated markets on human rights aspects
 ▪ Enhance corporate image among civil society
 ▪ Improvements in Operational Management
• Productivity 
• Better working conditions 
• Reduced work-related accidents
• Reduced absenteeism and turnover
 ▪ Reinforcing the competitiveness of suppliers particularly in emerging countries and 
improving skills within the supply chain
273


Page 274:
Risk #2 Regulated materials in the extended supply chain - Conflict Minerals 
compliance (3TG)
Risk 
Description
The extraction of raw materials for use in the manufacturing of goods and services 
for the automotive industry may lead to undesirable actions in some geographical 
locations. Funding armed conflict is a concern that requires due diligence to provide 
transparency regarding the origin of specific minerals, such as tin, tungsten, tantalum 
and gold. Through supplier assurance measures we seek to help put an end to 
the exploitation and abuse of local communities, including mine workers, while 
supporting local development.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Finance of armed conflict 
 ▪ Incidents of child, forced or compulsory labor in the sub-tier supply chain 
 ▪ Difficulty to secure supply of critical minerals
 ▪ Reputation concerns
• Negative publicity
• Loss of investor confidence
• Negative brand association for future customers
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Ethical and conscientious procurement practices during the mineral extraction, 
trade and processing stages
 ▪ Conduct due diligence activities to provide supply chain transparency and smelter 
validation
 ▪ Training to provide suppliers with Stellantis’ expectations and tools and resources 
to supplier development
 ▪ Supplier Business Review meetings to reinforce the alignment of objectives and 
legal obligations to continue the ongoing relationship with Stellantis
 ▪ Membership with recognized partners such as RMI which serves as the voice of 
industry to support responsible mineral sourcing and convenes stakeholders to 
continually shape dialogue and practices.
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Use of 3TGs from verified ‘conflict free’ sources to support green and local sourcing 
initiatives 
 ▪ Redesign goods and services to eliminate the use of 3TGs
 ▪ Vertical integration for secured mineral supply
 ▪ Access to regulated markets on human rights aspects
 ▪ Automate the process
 ▪ Enhance corporate image among civil society
Risk #3 Non-regulated materials in the extended supply chain - Cobalt, Mica, 
Bauxite/Aluminum, Nickel, Lithium, etc
Risk 
Description
There are many materials that can become a focus item based on potential human 
rights violations. These types of raw materials used in the manufacturing of goods 
and services for the automotive industry may lead to detrimental behaviors in the 
extended supply chain. Often there are preliminary stages prior to official legislative 
measures that should alert users to concerning activity. It is essential to stay aware 
and engaged with multiple stakeholders to learn and to build resources. We seek to 
help put an end to the exploitation and abuse of local communities while supporting 
local development.
Potential Impact
 ▪ Incidents of child, forced or compulsory labor in the sub-tier supply chain 
 ▪ Difficulty to secure supply of critical minerals
 ▪ Reputation concerns
• Negative publicity
• Loss of investor confidence
• Negative brand association for future customers
Mitigation 
Strategy
 ▪ Ethical and conscientious procurement practices during the mineral extraction, 
trade and processing stages
 ▪ Conduct due diligence activities to provide supply chain transparency and smelter 
validation
 ▪ Training to provide suppliers with Stellantis’ expectations and tools and resources 
to supplier supplier development
 ▪ Supplier Business Review meetings to reinforce the alignment of objectives and 
legal obligations to continue the ongoing relationship with Stellantis
 ▪ Ongoing partnership with RCS Global, a recognized organization that serves to 
support responsible mineral sourcing and works to deploy best practices.
Additional 
Opportunities
 ▪ Redesign goods and services to eliminate the use of the subject material
 ▪ Use of materials, such as cobalt, from validated ‘conformant’’ sources to support 
green and local sourcing initiatives
 ▪ Vertical integration for secured mineral supply
 ▪ Access to regulated markets on human rights aspects
 ▪ Encourage industry discussion and focus on appropriate measures prior to 
legislation
 ▪ Enhance corporate image among civil society
274


Page 275:
IDENTIFICATION AND MITIGATION APPROACH OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
RELATED RISKS IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN
Measures proportional  
to the magnitude of risks
Suppliers of Stellantis
Internal & external trainings
Case-dependent  
action plans
Onsite audits performed by SGS  
(based on Stellantis questionnaire)
RCS Global Program including onsite audits  
(based on RCS & OECD Guidelines)*
Additional clauses added to contracts 
with suppliers*
RMI1 & SEC2 conformant CMRT3 Program*
1st tier suppliers CSR performance rated by Ecovadis
Signature of the Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines
* Specific actions for human rights violations in the extended supply chain related to:
 Non-regulated materials, Cobalt, Mica, Bauxite/ Aluminum, Nickel, Lithium, etc. 
 Regulated materials, Conflict Minerals compliance 3TG
IMPACT MEASUREMENT OF THE ELECTRIFICATION STRATEGY  7.1.3 
Electrification relies on the raw materials necessary to produce battery components. 
The Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines requires battery suppliers to disclose 
their raw material suppliers. These materials can pose human rights risks in the supply 
chain particularly cobalt, graphite and lithium in countries like the Democratic Republic 
of Congo, in regions of China and Argentina and Bolivia.  7.2.2.7  for more information 
related to the high voltage battery supplier program and cobalt. Stellantis is committed 
to understanding where our raw materials come from and how we can continue to 
monitor and manage risks working with high-risk countries. 
More than 3,461 supplier groups are covered by a CSR assessment performed by an 
external third-party including human rights criteria. Part of the expectation is that 
the management of the suppliers in our extended supply chain have appropriate 
measures to identify, mitigate and monitor potential human rights issues. Stellantis 
conducts an annual mapping for the source of essential materials for electric vehicle 
battery manufacturing and in 2023, added an additional step in supply chain mapping, 
in which the risks are highest for human rights abuses.This mapping relates to the RCS 
audit program, extending our battery supply chain by two suppliers, conducting tier 
mapping throughout. In 2023, we continued the partnership with RCS Global to apply 
due diligence to our critical suppliers regarding cobalt and lithium supply chains by 
conducting 31 (101 from start of program) external on-site audits.
NGOs have identified that aluminum, another material that the energy transition relies 
on, also poses human rights issues. In July 2021, Human Rights Watch issued a report on 
human rights violations risks in the aluminum supply chain, naming aluminum the “blind 
spot” of car companies due diligence policies. Therefore, the description of the impact 
of electrification on human rights in the supply chain should not only refer to materials 
such as cobalt, graphite and lithium, but also to aluminum.
These activities improve Stellantis’ ability to address human rights risks in its supply 
chain where they may exist. 
7.2.2.4 Governance and decision 
Stellantis uses governance mechanisms to manage and monitor human rights in supply chain at 
various levels, in addition to those already described in the section Responsible Purchasing Practices. 
Additionally, the Human Rights Officer, as part of the Compliance team ensures governance over 
decisions made by the Human Rights Office. This includes the revisions and additions to current 
Stellantis policies as well as oversight of the management systems and risk mitigation controls. Coupled 
with the oversight of the Human Rights Committee, Stellantis is well positioned to operationalize the 
program as developed in 2023.
 7.1.4  to learn more about the role of the Global Purchasing and Supply Chain department (GPSC) and 
the Stellantis vigilance activities. 
Governance structure of the new Human Rights Office and their oversight bodies  7.2.1.1 .
275


Page 276:
Our Conflict Minerals program is managed by regional and subsidiary conflict minerals team 
members. A global lead provides overall program management and consolidation direction to ensure 
that corporate obligations are fulfilled. To assess the risk and controls in place for the conflict minerals 
program, the Compliance department considers factors such as reputational risk, responsible sourcing 
due diligence reports, global risk metrics, procurement strategies and purchasing power or leverage 
and exposure for vulnerabilities in the supply chain. 
The Stellantis conflict mineral supplier submission status is tracked and communicated by the 
purchasing organization to confirm that any needed escalation efforts are deployed quickly. The 
purchasing commodity directors are involved in escalation activities with the supply base, as needed, to 
reinforce the importance of providing due diligence evidence to support Stellantis’ legal requirements. 
A report must be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) annually to show the 
due diligence measures taken regarding the mine or location of origin. Suppliers who are required to 
submit the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template must provide it within the appropriate time period or 
be considered as non-compliant. If a supplier is found to be non-compliant they may be recommended 
for removal from the sourcing panel. 
Supplier on-site audit program 
There are protocols in place to manage audit activities. We hold meetings with the service providers 
to confirms programs are progressing and any issues or concerns are addressed. If a critical non-
compliance is found the supplier is flagged for additional escalation activities and appropriate 
purchasing management members are notified. At the close of the audit a formal debrief is conducted 
to share the findings with the supplier. Depending on the findings, after the debrief individual follow 
up is made to validate that corrective action plans are implemented, if required a follow-up audit is 
performed to have the necessary evidences of implementation. Internally we review the audit activities 
and results with top purchasing management and when appropriate suppliers with exemplary results 
are recognized by the purchasing team. 
Diversity and Inclusion focus programs
We work to include diversity and inclusion considerations as an everyday practice in our dealings with 
employees, dealers, suppliers and customers. Training, mentoring, scholarship support, sponsorship 
and membership with Board and committee participation are some of the ways we support various 
diversity organizations. Diversity spend targets are created for suppliers based on diversity categories. 
Performance is captured as a strategic indicator on the Global External Balanced Scorecard, which can 
be used in sourcing decisions. 
To receive credit towards their diversity goals, a Tier 1 supplier is required to work with certified diversity 
Tier 2 suppliers. The diversity spend status of each supplier is monitored and reviewed with them. The 
High Focus program works with the suppliers that have a greater potential for diverse spending and 
equips them with tools and support to achieve their diversity targets.
Sheltered and adapted sector
Commitment for the social and occupational inclusion of people with disabilities is an important 
segment to Stellantis. We have dedicated resources that support several national organizations, with 
a focus in France and Spain. Specific budgets and processes are set and managed to bring attention 
on this segment. 
7.2.2.5 Policies to execute the strategy
Stellantis combined its Conflict Minerals policy and the Responsible Purchasing Charter into the 
Responsible Purchasing Guideline  7.1.5 .
Stellantis’ focus areas for human rights in the extended supply chain
Responsible 
Purchasing 
Guidelines (RPG) - 
Human Rights
Ethical 
Principles
Laws
Training & 
Support of 
small and local 
suppliers
Sustainable 
Procurement 
deployment of all  
RPG elements 
through all supply 
tiers
Social 
Principles
Support and 
respect the 
protection of 
internationally-
proclaimed human 
rights Uphold freedom 
of association 
and the effective 
recognition of the 
right to collective 
bargaining
Eliminate all 
forms of forced 
labor and child 
labor
Eliminate 
discrimination 
in respect to 
employment and 
occupation
Favorable working 
conditions in relation 
to remuneration, 
working hours and 
respect for health 
and safety at work
Prohibited 
substances & 
materials
Fight against 
the use of 
conflict mineralsAnimal 
Welfare
Export 
controls, 
sanction laws 
and regulation
Fair trade 
practices
Retention 
& use of 
personal data
Development 
of skills 
Small/local 
supplier support 
via facilitation 
of technological 
upgrades and 
acquisition of  
long-term assets
Raise sub-tier 
supplier CSR 
awareness
Establish a 
responsible 
purchasing policy 
respecting all RPG 
principles
Implement 
due diligence 
measures with the 
subcontracting 
chain
Capacity building
Focus
Compliance
IATF Certification
Stellantis suppliers are required to complete our customer specific requirements which includes 
adherence to our Responsible Purchasing Guidelines, Corporate Social Responsibility recommendations 
and required actions. The certifying bodies for IATF conduct audits regarding these specific requirements. 
The IATF 16949 certification is granted for three years with an annual monitoring audit. Certification is 
suspended and additional audits are conducted if there are core compliance failures so that corrective 
actions can be implemented.
276


Page 277:
Onsite Auditing
We are committed to ensuring that our supply chain adheres to our Global Responsible Purchasing 
Policies. We conducted audits across a range of high-risk commodities and suppliers and geographical 
and industry risks to identify and prioritize needed improvements throughout our supply chain. 
Each supplier is expected to participate in the closure of corrective action plans; to address areas of 
improvement. 
Onsite audit activities are performed by certified auditors from distinguished external assessment 
bodies  7.1.7 . Currently we have partnered with SGS for these audit activities. Guidance is provided 
via program documentation that includes the supplier kick-off notification, audit checklist and closure 
debrief. Any non-compliance requires an improvement plan. During the closing meeting the supplier 
receives the auditor findings and is required to sign-off on any improvement plans. These plans are 
monitored to confirm that the identified concerns are managed until they are resolved. Additional 
follow-up visits may be required to confirm evidence onsite.
Whistleblowing  5.1.7 
Stellantis reinforces that employees, suppliers, dealers, consumers and other stakeholders can and 
should report any concerns of alleged situations, events or actions that may be inconsistent with the 
Stellantis Code of Conduct. They can also request advice about the application of the Code of Conduct.
We are committed to act in a socially responsible manner that is in line with sustainable practices within 
Stellantis and at each level of the supply base including ensuring the health and safety of the workforce, 
prohibiting child and forced labor, complying with conflict minerals and adhering to environmental 
protection regulations. We do not tolerate retaliation in any form against someone who makes a good 
faith report to our Integrity Helpline. 
7.2.2.6 Organization and resources
For detailed information on available resources for Stellantis’ Responsible Purchasing  7.1.6 .
Monitoring potential human rights violations within the Stellantis supply chain requires internal and 
external resources. The most prominent areas of concern regarding human rights can be many layers 
deep within the complex automotive supply network. Even though Stellantis may not have a direct 
contractual relationship with these entities, we recognize our responsibility to provide appropriate due 
diligence for materials that are critical and may be provided from conflict affected and high risk areas. 
There are designated individuals that perform multiple internal activities such as extracting critical data 
from internal systems, developing and managing the needed campaigns, reporting the status to top 
management and providing program management oversight for our service providers. 
Conflict Minerals Program Management 
The conflict minerals program management team is responsible for generating the annual in-scope 
supplier list that identifies which suppliers are required to provide the Conflict Minerals Reporting 
Template (CMRT). The list of parts for products containing tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold is provided 
from regional technical contacts upon request. The International Material Data System (IMDS) is a 
global data repository that contains information on materials used by the automotive industry and 
this, or an equivalent system, is used to provide the part content information.
Once the Conflict Minerals data collection process begins, the designated members are required to track 
supplier submissions and provide updates so that progress reports can be presented to the purchasing 
management team. If a supplier is unresponsive they will be placed into the escalation process which 
includes notifying the buyer and their management as appropriate.
Responsible sourcing service providers
Many of the service providers that support our Responsible Purchasing activities have focused elements 
that are specific to identifying and addressing human rights violations. We have partnered with RCS 
Global and are a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). Both of these organizations are 
recognized providers that conduct onsite audits throughout the supply chain including Tier 1 suppliers 
as well as mine sites. This is another way that we fulfill our duty to adhere to the high expectation of 
vigilance.
RCS Global
 ■ mapping battery supply chain to gain greater transparency
 ■ on-site audits in the sub-tier supply chain levels
 ■ expanded materials of focus
 ■ utilization of tools such as the Vine data base
 ■ increase in scope for materials of focus to address materials used in EV batteries as required by the 
EU Battery Regulations
 ■ sending corrective actions for suppliers post audit
 ■ monitoring corrective actions up to 6 months for battery suppliers
Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI)
 ■ engagement with multiple work groups 
 ■ use of the Smelter database to support our Conflict Minerals filing
 ■ Risk Readiness Assessment (RRA) promotes common understanding of good practices and a means 
to consistently assess risks in mineral supply chains
 ■ Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) is an assessment that employs a risk-based 
approach to validate smelters' company-level management processes for responsible mineral 
procurement
 ■ Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) is an essential tool to gather information about the 
source of materials in our products, and the smelters and refiners that process the materials.
 ■ Cobalt Reporting Template (CRT) is a standardized reporting template developed to identify choke 
points and collect due diligence information in the cobalt supply chain
 ■ Material Insights interactive module to update the prior Material Insights report
We are members of several automotive industry associations.  5.1.6  for the detailed list.
277


Page 278:
7.2.2.7 Main initiatives, achievements and results GRI 2-16  GRI 2-28
Initiatives to support the respect of human rights in the supply chain GRI 407-1  GRI 408-1  GRI 409-1
  GRI 412-2  GRI 414-2  
Stellantis incorporates workforce-related and social criteria into the purchasing process to ensure our 
focus on human rights is upheld within the extended global supply chain. Our suppliers are expected 
to sign and apply the requirements from our Responsible Purchasing Guidelines which has specific 
attention on compliance with social and ethical principles.
The Stellantis Responsible Purchasing Guidelines  7.1.5   7.1.7  are inspired by the recommendations 
of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and envision: 
 ■ a public commitment to human rights 
 ■ risk mapping for human rights infringements
 ■ preventive measures to address identified risks
 ■ corrective action must be taken for suppliers potentially or currently involved in a human rights 
infringement
 ■ action plan monitoring
 ■ communication of measures put in place.
Stellantis identifies the regions and areas that have the largest risk of human rights violations and 
modern slavery. 
The regions and areas at risk are identified based on two criteria: 
 ■ country (countries that have not signed up to global agreements, countries ill-equipped to enforce 
international laws) 
 ■ manufacturing process (whether it requires a significant amount of low-skilled labor and additionally 
is dangerous). 
Based on this, the Company applies a graduated reasonable efforts approach. This might result in 
removing a supplier from the panel or bid if it should become evident that it was directly or indirectly 
involved in this type of practice. It is the Company’s policy to assist and guide suppliers so that they can 
improve. However, if they are clearly unwilling to make changes, Stellantis reserves the right to cease 
all contact and to remove them from its supplier database. 
Practicing due diligence
Stellantis works to apply due diligence to ensure that its social demands are met by its suppliers. We 
apply risk-based due diligence measures that seek to identify risks and prevent serious infringements 
of human rights and fundamental freedoms in our supply chain of subcontractors or suppliers with 
whom there is an established business relationship. We seek to incorporate our expectations into our 
relationship with our suppliers, deriving inspiration from OECD Due Diligence Guidance. The measures 
put in place by the GPSC aim to ensure that suppliers fulfill social and environmental commitments. 
To enhance Stellantis’ due diligence practices the program in place for 2nd tier operational risk mapping 
has been expanded. Supply chain mapping tool  7.1.7.1 . The expanded focus as of the end of 2023 
is to work through Tier- N suppliers as a project but is currently under development. The aim for this 
portion of the project will be to provide insight into the global extended supplier network on relevant 
CSR issues, such as forced or compulsory labor and human trafficking. In particular this will address 
legal expectations such as the UFLPA and the UK Modern Slavery Act among others. 
Stakeholder engagement: Through engagement with several multi-stakeholder organizations, both 
within and outside the automotive industry, Stellantis seeks to address not only the needs, but the 
opportunities that exist through ethical and conscientious procurement practices during the mineral 
extraction, trade and processing stages. Stellantis collaborates with automotive and cross-industry 
associations to develop the global extended supply chain and build resources that support due 
diligence activities. 
Stellantis has specific legal obligations, section 1502 of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act and the EU regulation, 
that must be met regarding the country of origin for conflict minerals. We are required to conduct due 
diligence to determine whether tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold in the supply chain originated from 
the covered countries, and whether the procurement of those minerals supported armed conflict in the 
region. This issue is not unique for Stellantis and working to build industry resources is beneficial for us 
and our suppliers that are often common among automotive manufacturers.
Stellantis continues to participate in the AIAG Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee and 
maintain the position of co-chair of the Responsible Minerals workgroup, which leads auto industry 
engagement in cobalt, mica and conflict minerals activities and relationships. Stellantis employees 
are engaged in a number of other AIAG teams that partner automakers with suppliers. New groups 
are launched to address industry issues as deemed appropriate from members, such as the Forced 
Labor and Human Rights team that brings together volunteers from diverse departments with specific 
backgrounds such as Customs and CSR experts.
In 2022, the Guiding Principles, which outline expectations for suppliers on key responsibility issues 
including human rights, environment, working conditions and business ethics, were published by the 
Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG) and the Drive Sustainability group 10.
Our membership with the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), which was founded by members of the 
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative, supports cross-industry 
discussion and development of common tools. Participation on RMI sub-teams facilitates development 
of best practices for supply chain assurance mechanisms. We work closely with RMI and its Responsible 
Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP). The RMAP uses an independent third-party assessment of 
smelters and refiners’ management systems and sourcing practices to validate conformance with 
RMAP standards. The assessment employs a risk-based approach to validate smelters and refiners’ 
company-level management processes for responsible mineral procurement.
Through our work with diverse stakeholder organizations we are helping to build fair supply chains of 
minerals in the covered countries. 
10 AIAG Guidelines: https://www.drivesustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Automotive-Sustainability-
Guiding-Principles-4.0v2-Final.pdf
278


Page 279:
Focus on conflict minerals
Earnings from mining gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten might be used to finance armed conflict in the 
Democratic Republic of the Congo and surrounding countries. In accordance with required U.S. and 
EU regulations, Stellantis’ policy requires the best efforts of transparency from its suppliers about the 
origin of any raw materials and minerals they use. A specific clause is inserted in the purchase contract 
for battery suppliers (article 16.2.3), stating that the supplier must disclose the detailed composition 
of the materials used to manufacture the parts supplied, as well as any changes in that composition. 
This requirement complies with the French Law of Duty of Vigilance. The supplier must also provide 
the written information necessary to comply with the legislation in force, particularly on consumer 
protection and conflict minerals. The Purchasing Department identifies the in-scope suppliers to 
include in the annual Conflict Minerals reporting campaign. 
Stellantis is engaged to reduce the use of raw materials that carry environmental and social risks  6.1 .
Stellantis has access to a wide range of information and data from RMI that supports our efforts to 
check and monitor that sustainability standards are implemented by smelters and the mining industry. 
The Company has access to the RMI smelter database, assurance process and all the latest information 
and training materials available to support appropriate due diligence to promote responsible raw 
material supply chains. The Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) that is provided by the RMI is 
requested from the in-scope suppliers using the 3TG metals (tungsten, tantalum, tin and gold). If there 
are concerns regarding the sourcing of raw materials, the suppliers have to address the concerns and 
potentially set up alternative sources. The Company thus seeks to exercise its duty of care and foster 
sustainable procurement. 
The Conflict Minerals reporting process begins by determining the in-scope suppliers that have parts 
that contain tantalum, tin, tungsten or gold, based on part data from the International Material Data 
Sheets (IMDS). A response to the CMRT is then required from almost 2,000 in-scope direct and after-
market suppliers in order to obtain smelter information. 
Further, we: 
 ■ expect our suppliers to source materials from suppliers who also source responsibly, including from 
legitimate, conformant mines in the covered countries 
 ■ require relevant suppliers make reasonable efforts to conduct the necessary due diligence and 
provide us with proper verification of the country of origin and source of the materials used in the 
products they supply to Stellantis 
 ■ support initiatives to verify smelters and refiners that are conformant and expect our suppliers to 
utilize any such conformant smelter/refiner programs that are available 
 ■ review all incoming CMRT submissions from our suppliers 
 ■ provide detailed smelter analysis to suppliers reporting non-conformant smelters in their supply 
chain. 
To prepare suppliers for submitting information Stellantis provided training for the targeted suppliers 
regarding the completion and submission of the CMRT. 
We strive to ensure companies or individuals in legal business activities are not harmed by our efforts 
to avoid using minerals that are illegally obtained. To this end, we work to promote sourcing from 
responsible sources in the region. Stellantis also engages with industry and cross-sector groups 
to promote and develop our raw material supply chain focusing on, but not limiting our efforts to, 
commodities such as bauxite, cobalt and mica. 
Cobalt and others: Cobalt is of growing interest for the auto industry due to its use in electric vehicle 
batteries. Stellantis has taken action to engage suppliers regarding cobalt in their products given the 
ongoing concerns around the use of child/forced labor, and other unsafe or non-compliant practices 
in the mining of cobalt. Expanding into new materials relies on the lessons learned from our Conflict 
Minerals process in addition to applying industry tools and resources. 
Utilizing and teaching our suppliers the OECD 5-Step Framework for Upstream and Downstream 
Supply Chains provides a common foundational tool that helps solidify responsible sourcing practices 
and decisions made throughout our supply chain. In addition, cross-sector engagement brings 
together experts from numerous industries to use their global presence and leverage to drive ground-
level improvements in the mining of metals and minerals through process, tool and infrastructure 
improvements. 
To help companies address these challenges, the RMI has developed the Risk Readiness Assessment, 
which addresses environmental, social and governance risks present in the global supply chain. This 
tool can help improve supply chain transparency and mapping to mitigate undesirable practices as 
they relate to Conflict Minerals, cobalt and other raw materials. RMI has also collaborated with the 
Responsible Cobalt Initiative on a joint cobalt refiner audit program, aligned with the OECD Due 
Diligence Guidance and the Chinese Due Diligence Guidelines for Mineral Supply Chains. 
In 2023, Stellantis further extended its partnership with the responsible sourcing advisory, traceability 
technology and audit firm RCS Global, for a multi-material supply chain program covering battery 
materials including cobalt, lithium, graphite, and nickel. 
2023’s focus was on expanding the program to include more battery supply chains and conducting 
more upstream mine site audits, as well as increasing corrective action plan monitoring efforts. 
Through the audit program and the monitoring of corrective action plans, Stellantis is actively involved 
in remediating identified risks related to due diligence practices, ethics, occupational health and safety, 
and environmental concerns, with a particular focus on mining operations. Additionally, corrective 
action plans serve as a vital and effective method to compel suppliers to address their audit findings 
within specified timeframes, ensuring they consistently meet client audit requirements.
Since 2021 the Purchasing Department utilizes Vine – RCS Global’s online due diligence management 
platform for supply chain traceability and supply chain visualization. Stellantis is an early supporter of 
Vine, which allows the Company to identify, review and analyze sustainability risks and respond rapidly 
to critical risks where they are identified. 
Mica represents another area of concern for child labor. It is used predominantly in surface coatings 
and contained in other vehicle materials, such as in polymers for exterior mirror housing and covers. 
279


Page 280:
Human rights impacts are a concern due to the mining practices deployed to harvest the mineral 
Bauxite, which is used in aluminum production. In an effort to raise awareness and reinforce the 
automotive industries focus on human rights in the supply chain, Stellantis collaborated with Drive 
Sustainability in the past to send a letter to the European Aluminum Association and to The Aluminum 
Association in the U.S. regarding Bauxite mining in Guinea. The message expressed our commitment 
to protect human rights in the aluminum automotive supply chain. Stellantis is no longer a member of 
Drive Sustainability, but continues to raise awareness of bauxite mining and monitors the supply chain 
via Vine when suppliers are audited. 
Achievements
Human rights is a core topic of the Stellantis CSR training events conducted with Purchasing employees 
in 2023. Buyer training information  7.1.7.1 .
CSR Assessment - 
EcoVadis supplier assessments include corrective action plans to drive overall score improvements. 
Corrective action plans are a key factor to account for gap closure and sustainable long-term impact. 
 ■ With an average overall Human Rights section score of 55.1 (up by 1 versus 2022), suppliers working 
with Stellantis outperformed all suppliers assessed by EcoVadis, who have an average score of 48.8 
(up by 1.2 versus 2022)
 ■ During 2023, 426 assessed or audited suppliers worked on a corrective action plan specifically on 
human rights issues, which is 12.3% of the total assessed or audited suppliers versus 359 in 2022 
which accounted for 12% of total assessed or audited suppliers.
On-site Audits are used as a means to address activities that are deemed higher risk. This is the 
next phase of our due diligence process, to increase the focus on topics that are critical for Stellantis 
regarding CSR. The detailed findings from our on-site audits can be found in section 7.1.8.1 . Each audit 
finding requires a corrective action plan that is tracked through implementation. In 2023, 50 corrective 
action plans have been launched, each containing multiple elements. Some examples of improvements 
(among many others) that were realized in 2023 together with our suppliers are:
For the element of human rights:
 ■ a works committee was founded with meetings conducted once a quarter
For Health & Safety at work: 
 ■ Anti-corruption and conflict of interest policy was adopted
Labor Conditions:
 ■ Working hours of employees were changed
Management System:
 ■ A code of conduct and ethics has been adopted for lower tier suppliers to meet the requirements of 
human rights, safety and environmental concerns
Conflict Minerals reporting:
94% of the in-scope suppliers (based on APV) for parts containing tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold 
have submitted the required CMRT of which over 84% of smelters have been reported as certified 
conflict free.
Final status of supplier assessment on conflict minerals
  2023    2022    2021 
Completed
In process
89.6%
94.3%
92.1%
No Response
2.3%
0.8%
5.8%
8.1%
4.9%
2.1%
RCS Global audits 2023
 ■ Completed audits: 31 total audits,at every Tier of Stellantis’ cobalt and lithium supply chains (battery 
manufacturer, cathode manufacturer, refiner, treatment unit, and mine site)
 ■ 6 battery input materials: Cobalt, Lithium, Graphite, Nickel, added Iron and Phosphate
 ■ Entities covered: Battery, Cathode, Anode, Electrolyte Manufacturer, Refiner, Treatment Unit, Mines 
Accepted Corrective Action Plans: 19
 ■ Identified unique suppliers: >700
 ■ Number of country of origin (for mine sites): 15 
 ● Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Chile, DRC, Cuba, Finland, Indonesia, Madagascar, New Caledonia, 
Papua New Guinea, Turkey, Ivory Coast, USA. 
The results put Stellantis in a good position to significantly address human rights risks in its supply 
chain where they exist. 
Business with the sheltered sector
Stellantis is committed to helping our suppliers maintain their policy of inclusion of handicapped 
workers. Promoting equal opportunity in the workplace is vital to Stellantis’ human resources 
management and the Company's long-term success. A wider, more diverse pool of talent improves 
the Company’s understanding of our workforce and our customers. Stellantis works with six major 
French associations: Fondation Pluriel (former Adapei du Doubs), Adapei de Haute Saône, Talendi 
(former Bretagne Ateliers), Adapei Papillons Blancs in Alsace, Les Ateliers de l’Ostrevent, the AMIPI/
SLAMI Foundation together with Spanish association ILUNION. 
The services bought from the adapted and sheltered sector added more than €65 million.
Diversity and Inclusion
Stellantis policy is to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, sex, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, transgender status, age, protected veteran status, marital status, religion, 
national origin, disability status, genetic information or other basis protected by law. We include 
diversity and inclusion considerations as an everyday practice in our dealings with our employees, 
dealers, supplier partners, and customers. Stellantis believes the diversity of our suppliers should 
280


Page 281:
reflect the diversity of our workforce and the communities in which we live and operate. In 2023, we 
strengthened our relationships with organizations such as Disability: IN, Small Business Administration 
(SBA), and the National LGBT Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC) and regional affiliates to empower 
businesses to achieve disability, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZone), and LGBTQ+ 
inclusion and equality.
In 2023, Stellantis spent over $7 billion USD with Tier 1 and Tier 2 diverse suppliers. Stellantis NA 
Purchasing Divisions have established annual performance goals with diverse Tier 1 suppliers and 
incorporate Supplier Diversity expectations into the General Terms and Conditions, an External 
Balances Scorecard, and a Strategic Sourcing Metric. Diversity spend at the Tier 2 level is monitored 
and reviewed monthly.
The Company's supplier diversity efforts are consistently validated with external recognition and 
awards that honor and acknowledge corporations' supplier diversity programs that reduce barriers 
and drive growth for diverse suppliers certified by a certifying council. In 2023, Stellantis received the 
following awards and recognitions for its efforts in supplier diversity:
 ■ Top Company for Supplier Diversity (#2) by Fair360 (formally known as DiversityInc).
 ■ Best of the Decade 100 Supplier Diversity Program, WE USA & MBN USA.
 ■ America’s Top Corp for Women's Business Enterprises, WBENC.
 ■ Corporation of the Year, CAMSC.
 ■ Corporation of the Year, MMSDC.
 ■ Corporate Member of the Year, MHCC.
 ■ Best in Class Award, GLWBC.
Stellantis also supported inclusion across our supply base through the 24th annual supplier diversity 
MatchMaker event, which creates opportunities for diverse suppliers. Matchmaker events provide 
minority-owned,  w omen-owned, veteran-owned, LGBTQ-owned, small, historically underutilized, 
socially and economically disadvantaged, and disability-owned businesses access to Tier 1 suppliers 
and decision-makers within the procurement organization. In 2023, the event featured over 1,400 
attendees, 150 exhibitors, 12 external council partners, 300 diverse business owners, and 200 Tier 1 
supplier decision-makers.
Training, mentorship, scholarship support, sponsorships, membership and Board and committee 
participation are some of the ways we support organizations, which include:
 ■ National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC)
 ■ Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council (MMSDC)
 ■ National Veteran Business Development Council (NVBDC)
 ■ National Veteran Owned Business Association (NaVOBA)
 ■ Veteran Owned Business Roundtable (VOBRT)
 ■ National Business League (NBL)
 ■ Canadian Aboriginal Minority Supplier Council (CAMSC)
 ■ Asian Pacific American Chamber of Commerce (APACC)
 ■ National LGBT Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC)
 ■ Detroit Regional LGBT Chamber of Commerce
 ■ Small Business Administration (SBA)
 ■ United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (USHCC)
 ■ Billion Dollar Roundtable (BDR)
 ■ Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG)
 ■ Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)
 ■ Women Business Enterprise Canada (WBE-Canada)
 ■ WE Connect International (WE-Connect)
 ■ Great Lakes Women’s Business Council (GLWBC)
 ■ Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (MHCC)
 ■ Disability: IN
 ■ Rainbow PUSH Coalition
281


Page 282:
7.2.3 DATA FROM ECOVADIS
Actions implemented on Labor and human rights by Stellantis suppliers
CSR KPI - Labor and human rights Year
Actions on employee health and 
safety issues
2023 92%
2022 90%
2021 68%
Evidence of actions on child labor, 
forced labor & human trafficking
2023 64%
2022 64%
2021 NA
Reporting on health and safety 
indicators
2023 38%
2022 37%
2021 60%
Global Compact Signatory
2023 21%
2022 20%
2021 41%
7.2.4 HUMAN RIGHTS IN OWN WORKFORCE
We are passionate about adhering to the principles of human rights. Along with our employees and 
employee representatives, we have defined a human rights policy to protect our most valuable asset: 
our people. As a matter of ethics and accountability, our goal is for all employees to achieve a deeper 
awareness and understanding of human rights. Upholding human rights becomes integral to how we 
operate around the world. 
For more information about Human Rights
 ■ governance in own workforce  3.1.4 
 ■ policy in own workforce  3.1.5   3.2.5  for living wages and  3.3.5  for equal treatment, 
 ■ initiatives in own workforce  3.1.7 and  3.2.7  for training
 ■ mitigation and remediation  5.1.7 
 ■ risks identified  7.2.1.3 
 Additionally, we are identifying areas where Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) is needed with 
respect to projects that impeded on or impact Indigenous Peoples territories and communities.
7.3 ACTIONS TO SUPPORT  
COMMUNITIES 
GRI 3-3
7.3.1 CONTEXT AND STELLANTIS POSITION 
CSR issue/challenge #22 Actions to support communities
As a corporate citizen, Stellantis’ambition is to make a positive and sustainable contribution. We want 
to share with our communities our values, knowledge and resources through our philanthropic actions. 
The world is changing very fast due to the impact from many major events (geopolitical crises and 
wars, resource scarcity, growing inflation, climate change). Stellantis wants to mitigate the significant 
impact on people in their day-to-day lives and more specifically on people who have fewer options due 
to limited resources. We aim to support these people through mobility and educational projects and 
empower them while inspiring hope.
Company’s public position 
Stellantis, as a member of the Global Compact 11, plays a role in building a more stable, inclusive 
and sustainable society. By mobilizing financial and human resources to help Non-Governmental 
Organizations (NGO), Non-Profit Institutions (NPI) and support employee initiatives, we can develop 
and deploy philanthropic projects of general interest adapted to the specific needs of the communities 
in which we operate. The projects we implement are designed to have a positive impact in these 
communities.
7.3.2 FORWARD-LOOKING VISION AND TARGETS
Commitment scoreboard
Following the merger of former Groupe PSA and FCA, in January 2021, Stellantis reorganized its 
philanthropic activity. In the last three years, Stellantis has continued to focus on delivering on its 
previous engagements. In 2022, Stellantis disclosed its new philanthropy strategy aligned with the 
Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan and focused on needs of vulnerable people in the communities 
where we operate:
Driven by our societal commitment, we empower people through education and access to mobility.
The first implementation phase of this strategy will start in 2024.
11 https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc
282


Page 283:
CSR ISSUE/CHALLENGE    #22 Actions to support communities
VISION/AMBITION: Driven by our societal commitment, we empower people through education and access to mobility
OWNER: Chief Communication & CSR Officer
STRATEGIC KPIs COMMITMENT RESUL TS 
Short-term (2024) Medium-term (2030) Long-term (2038) 2021 2022 2023
Amount of budget for 
philanthropy
At least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy 
+ all philanthropic 
projects focused on 
the new philanthropic 
strategy.*
At least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy 
+ at least one 
philanthropic project in 
each region.*
At least €15 million 
dedicated to philanthropy 
+ at least one 
philanthropic project 
in each region and for 
each philanthropic focus 
areas.*
Stellantis managed the 
former commitments 
from the legacy charitable 
entities.
Stellantis managed the 
former commitments 
from the legacy charitable 
entities. 
Stellantis managed the 
former commitments 
from the legacy charitable 
entities
*Amount decided for three years split by year, based on Stellantis current performance and general economy financial trend, and benchmark with OEM involvement in philanthropy.
7.3.3 IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES GRI 2-29  
Risks Mitigation  Opportunities
Business risk: 
Certain countries where we have strategic plans to operate or current 
operations require philanthropic activities to fulfill contractual legal 
expectations. 
The risk is to support projects that are not adapted to the community 
priorities and are not socially impactful. 
Stellantis corporate philanthropy strategy supports multi year projects 
only in the countries where we operate and provided by recognized 
NGOs or NPIs that are locally well respected in focus countries to 
create innovative philanthropic projects.
Stellantis supports employee volunteer projects in which we could 
have an added value.
Through an employee nomination process there will be the 
opportunity to identify, experiment, extend or spread successful 
projects in other countries.
We can bring forward new innovative projects. 
Operational management risk:
Donation requests received by Stellantis, as a big company, exceeds 
the amount of its philanthropic allocated resources. Refusals might 
deteriorate relationships with NGOs and local communities because 
we cannot support all of them. 
Stellantis can help communities in a variety of ways:
 ▪ Through its Foundation for the projects related to mobility and 
education
 ▪ Through the Motor Citizens program for employee volunteerism;
 ▪ Through direct corporate donations for emergency aid
 ▪ Through Brands marketing with a cause projects.
The high number of projects received allows Stellantis to select the 
most innovative employee volunteerism projects.
Stellantis philanthropic strategy supports actions to strengthen our 
connection to local communities while respecting their cultures and 
traditions.
Multi-year projects with larger funding are more impactful.
Reputational risk:
Donation requests may come from organizations whose behavior or 
actions are not in line with Stellantis values.
Stellantis conducts a thorough review and validation of all NGOs 
consistent with its code of conduct and all laws in order to guard 
against reputational risk.
Stellantis may identify qualified employee volunteer opportunities 
based on the qualified grants advised by the Stellantis Foundation . 
Employees could be engaged to volunteer for projects to reinforce 
their sense of belonging. 
283


Page 284:
7.3.4 GOVERNANCE AND DECISION BODIES TO LEAD ACTIONS  GRI 413-1
Stellantis philanthropic activities are organized in three channels: 
The Stellantis Foundation is the philanthropic arm of Stellantis. The Stellantis Foundation (formerly 
known as ”FCA Foundation” renamed in 2022) is a separate legal entity under U.S. IRS regulations, In 
2023, the Stellantis Foundation administered the global grant making program. Under the leadership 
of Foundation Chairman, John Elkann, a board of Trustees governs the Stellantis Foundation. They 
approve the philanthropy strategy and the main engagement areas and they select the projects to 
advise for funding. In 2023 Stellantis made donations to the Stellantis Foundation to support grant 
making. 
Corporate donations to NGOs or NPOs for emergency aid (civilian populations affected by war, 
earthquakes, flooding...) social issues or business related activities in the communities in partnership 
with charities are proposed for 2023 by the Head of Philanthropy or relevant EVPs to the CEO for 
approval. 
Employee volunteerism is under the responsibility of the Chief Human Resources & Transformation 
Officer, member of the Top Executive Team. Stellantis Motor Citizens is aligned with the Philanthropy 
strategy and shared with regional and country HR teams. 
2023 Stellantis key figures
€18.5 mln
dedicated to 
charitable projects
366
charity projects 
supported
18,724
hours volunteered 
by employees
In 2023, Stellantis demonstrated its corporate citizenship and supported 366 charity projects (versus 
124 in 2022 and 100 in 2021) around the world through our corporate foundation and direct corporate 
giving for a total amount of €18.5 million (versus €19.7 million in 2022 and 14.4 million in 2021). Stellantis 
managed the transition to the new philanthropic focus. We mainly continued to support multi-year 
projects that started before the merger to create a real impact. The legacy charitable entities managed 
their former commitments on the basis of their previous governance. 
The 2023 year was dedicated to the redesign and reorganization of the philanthropy strategy and 
activities including working on proposals for a new governance structure. The new philanthropy 
ambition engagement areas will be announced in 2024.
7.3.5 POLICIES TO EXECUTE THE STRATEGY GRI 103-1  GRI 103-2
Stellantis charitable donations
Stellantis supports the vulnerable in our communities with two types of projects:
 ■ Select educational projects that meet the needs and expectations of the communities 
 ■ Mobility projects that lift the barriers to access to education and employment.
Stellantis philanthropy strategy contributes to some of the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG). The social contributions focused on education to empower people and build resilient 
communities with effects that can extend generations into the future. Investments were made in 
programs that generated meaningful and measurable impact in our communities, with an emphasis on 
STEM, literacy education improvement and problem-solving  7.3.7 .
In 2023, Stellantis corporate giving initiatives were made to support local community needs in the countries 
where Stellantis operated. Donations were made in healthcare, disaster relief in Italy, Turkey and Morocco, 
environment protection and conservation, veterans support and community events  7.3.7.1 .
Employee volunteerism: 
Through Stellantis Motor Citizens, employees are empowered to support the communities in which 
they live and work through approved volunteer opportunities  3.1.7 , offering one "day of service" 
or one paid day to employees. The volunteer opportunities 12 align with 3 of the 17 United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (Sustainable Communities, Climate Change and Quality Education) 
and are vetted through the Audit and Compliance teams. Motor Citizens supports our ‘We All Care’ 
policy, specifically the My Community lever, making a commitment to employee wellbeing through 
social relations and volunteering. In 2023, the program launched globally across the six regions and is 
available for all employees. 
5,174 employees (versus 713 in 2022 and 1,117 in 2021) around the world supported 238 projects (versus 
59 projects in 2022 and 47 in 2021) representing more than 18,724 hours of working time (versus 4,779 
in 2022 and 6,249 in 2021). 
12 Subject to regional and local assessment
284


Page 285:
7.3.6 ORGANIZATION AND RESOURCES GRI 203-1  GRI 203-2  
Stellantis has a diversified approach to corporate citizenship and uses different types and categories of donations to support communities in the most efficient way. In 2023, many Stellantis entities, under the control 
of the philanthropy team, donated to NGOs or non-profit organizations to help the people in need in the communities where we operate. Depending on the goals of the project proposed by NGOs, the donations may 
be annual or multi-year.
Resources by type and category of donations
Year
Monetary contributions
 in €
In-kind giving
 in €
Working time spent 
volunteering by employee
 in €
Overhead expenses
 in € Total %
Charitable donations including local 
philanthropy projects 
2023 4,491,109 899,229 711,644 300,864 6,402,846 34%
2022 1,128,653 - 187,428 494,504 1,810,585 9%
2021 5,836,917 216 107,731 763,234 6,708,098 44%
Multi year philanthropy programs
2023 11,415,390 - - - 11,415,390 61%
2022 14,987,544 1,225 - - 14,988,770 74%
2021 1,546,279 - 2,870 - 1,549,149 10%
Brand commercial initiatives 
(marketing with a cause)
2023 939,989 53,439 - - 993,428 5%
2022 3,329,805 79,425 - - 3,409,230 17%
2021 5,832,088 206,227 872,962 - 6,911,277 46%
Total
2023 16,846,488 952,668 711,644 300,864 18,811,664 100%
2022 19,446,002 80,650 187,428 494,504 20,208,584 100%
2021 13,215,285 206,442 983,563 763,234 15,168,524 100%
%
2023 90% 5% 4% 2% 100%
2022 96% -% 1% 2% 100%
2021 87% 1% 6% 5% 100%
285


Page 286:
7.3.7 MAIN INITIATIVES, ACHIEVEMENTS  
AND RESULTS 
GRI 413-1
 
Stellantis intends to have charitable donations that are designed to make the world and society a better 
place. In 2023, Stellantis has focused its projects on emergency aid, education philanthropic initiatives 
and employee volunteerism program. The Stellantis achievements support our focus to create positive 
social and environmental impacts.
Total monetary values and number of projects distributed by focus areas in 2023
Education
Environmental, cultural, social urgency, food distribution 
(including preventing nutritious food waste), and others
Emergency aid
Mobility
68%
24%
7%
1%
82 projects - € 12,585,778
267 projects - € 4,532,079
8 projects - € 1,248,006
9 projects - € 144,937
7.3.7.1 Support to emergency aid
Floods in Italy
In 2023, Stellantis donated 1 million euros to the Emilia-Romagna Region's Agency for Territorial 
Safety and Civil Protection, thus joining the regional fundraising drive to support the people and 
communities in Emilia-Romagna who have been severely affected by the floods and landslides. The 
donation will be used to help the local population, with a specific focus on environmental and hydro 
geological recovery activities in this area 13 
Earthquake in Morocco 
After the earthquake that struck Morocco on September 8, 2023 Stellantis offered its support to those 
in need during the times of crisis. Stellantis’ assistance was focused on emergency relief and human-
centered initiatives 
 ■ Voluntary Blood Donation by Stellantis employees in Morocco and donation of 1,230 meals for 
volunteers collecting blood in Blood transfusion center Casablanca
 ■ Stellantis invited its employees in the MEA Region to make monetary donations to aid in the relief 
efforts; 80,834 € were collected and Stellantis added for every 1 Moroccan Dirham (1dh) given by 
its employees, an additional 3 Moroccan Dirhams (3dh) so 242,502€ additional monetary donations 
used to buy equipment (Donation of big tents): 416 tents with PVC flooring, 420 Blankets, 344 
children jackets, 100 adult jackets, 623 children clothing, 416 adult safety shoes, 210 children shoes, 
250 boxes of milk, Hygiene products) for the Mohammed V foundation 
 ■ Donation of food and free loan of vehicle to the Croissant rouge
13 https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/lvmh-stellantis-provide-donations-italian-flood-recovery-2023-05-
22/#:~:text=ROME%2C%20May%2022%20(Reuters),Romagna%20region%20said%20on%20Monday
Earthquake in Turkey
On February 6, 2023, two earthquakes with magnitude 7.8 and 7.5 heavily affected the Southeastern 
provinces of Adıyaman, Hatay, Kahramanmaraş, Kilis, Osmaniye, Gaziantep, Malatya, Şanlıurfa, 
Diyarbakır, Elazığ and Adana in Southern and Southeastern Turkey, where almost 14 million people 
reside including around 2 million Syrian refugees.
Stellantis supported its communities through two actions:
 ■ Donation of 8,000 thermal blankets to AFAD / Governmental Help organization
 ■ Creation of an emergency team inside Stellantis with the support of our dealer network which 
managed: evacuation 980 people, accommodation, transport, dress and hygienic products support, 
doctor need for emergency. More than 1 million Euros total operational cost.
Hurricane in Acapulco (Mexico)
Otis, a Category 5 hurricane hit Acapulco on Oct. 25, 2023. This hurricane damaged a significant number 
of hotels and businesses in the area, and left numerous people dead or missing. Stellantis helped the 
local population by supporting the Mexican Red Cross through the donation and loan of vehicles.
7.3.7.2 Socially responsible educational projects
Scientific Education
The October 2023 inauguration of the CERN Science Gateway marked completion of the Stellantis 
Foundation’s multi-year grant commitment to the project 14. The Science Gateway offers a variety 
of interactive exhibits that allow hands-on experimentation, giving visitors a first-hand experience of 
what it’s like to be a scientist. The center is expected to host up to 500,000 visitors a year, with the 
Gateway free of charge. In addition to the capital project, the Stellantis Foundation grant supported 
creation and distribution of HOP “Hands-On Physics,” an education project designed to bring STEM 
experiences to students across Italy. The program provides an experiment kit and teacher training at 
no cost to teachers and schools. The Stellantis Foundation served as the Science Gateway project’s 
biggest donor in memory of Sergio Marchionne. 
Educational support 
In 2023, the Stellantis Foundation grant to Fondazione Agnelli supported educational and socio-
emotional support programs in Italy. This included initiatives to improve math and language skills, 
platforms to help youth select the best high school to attend and to plan a customized education path 
after middle school, music education, and support of exchange student opportunities for students 
enrolled in vocational training and education.
Mentoring program
Stellantis, together with the non-profit association Instituto Árvore da Vida, supports Árvore da Vida 
(Tree of Life) the social project in the Jardim Teresópolis community, near the Stellantis plant in Betim 
(Brazil). The program, which began in 2004, aims to promote social, cultural and economic growth of 
independence and empowerment of local residents while providing support for the children and their 
families. In this after-school project there are two main areas of focus, one is professional inclusion and 
14 https://www.home.cern/news/news/cern/cern-inaugurates-science-gateway-its-new-outreach-centre-
science-education
286


Page 287:
the other is social inclusion through cultural development. Children ages 2 to 17 participated in various 
training programs to prepare them for professional development and employment. The children also 
participated in cultural activities such as music classes and choir. Youth learn collaboration, teamwork, 
public speaking and other soft skills. 2023 marked the 19th anniversary of this project. More than 
25,000 people have benefited from the program since its inception. In 2022, the project launched a 
new Coworking Space with the aim of promoting integration and learning for program beneficiaries 
and community members. In its first year, Coworking trained 30 community leaders in social project 
management and became a reference in the neighborhood as a place to discuss challenges, develop 
projects and engage people who want to improve the quality of life in their community. 
7.3.7.3 Local initiatives
Graduate Case Competition of the National Black MBA Association 15
Stellantis has been the exclusive sponsor of the Graduate Case Competition since 1995, with nearly 
5,000 students participating over the years. The National Black MBA Association/Stellantis Graduate 
Case Competition is an annual event that gives high-potential graduate students an opportunity 
to demonstrate their knowledge and problem-solving skills in a formal competition. Talented MBA 
candidates from 20 of the U.S. top business schools competed for $50,000 in scholarships . For the 
2023 NBMBAA Business Case, students were tasked to represent a consulting firm that will develop a 
U.S. marketing strategy that builds awareness, vehicle-buying consideration, long-term brand affinity 
and loyalty among Black consumers for Dodge, one of the iconic brands in the Stellantis portfolio.
23rd edition of Fenearte in Pernambuco
With the purpose of strengthening regional culture and encouraging sustainable consumption, 
Stellantis supported, for the fourth consecutive edition, Fenearte, the largest handicraft fair in Latin 
America. In 2023, the Stellantis presented its partnership with Roda in a new format.
In addition to displaying the pieces already produced by the Vem Pra Roda project, which includes 
backpacks, handbags, sandals, among many other items, Stellantis had also a stand produced with 
waste from industrial production at the Polo de Goiana (PE). There were benches, lamps, tables and 
shelves made with reusable materials from the automotive sector.
Wingyaan program in India 
Wingyaan which means” knowledge provides wings to people” is a program launched in 2019. This 
program aims to support girls between 16 and 19 years old from rural areas who have passed 10th Grade 
but could not pursue their further studies due to social and economic conditions. The course curriculum 
of the 2 years Diploma in Manufacturing Excellence is a residential course designed after extensive 
stakeholder’s consultation, so as to make these girls employable in Manufacturing and Service sector 
after successful completion of the course. Since 2019, 60 girls have been trained and 100% have found 
a job. In 2022, with this combination of academics and job training, a new batch of 30 girls were initiated 
into the program. In 2023, it was decided to extend the duration of the program to 3 years and a new 
batch of 60 girls started the program.
15 https://nbmbaa.org/graduate-case-competitions/
7.3.7.4 Employee volunteerism program 
North America 
In September, nearly 400 employees in Auburn Hills, Michigan, and Kokomo, Indiana, donated more 
than 700 backpacks for United States veterans in need. The backpacks – filled with new non-perishable 
items - were divided between several organizations: Piquette Square (Southwest Solutions), Vets 
Returning Home, Michigan Stand Down, Jackson Street Commons and Coordinated Assistance 
Ministries. Each organization services the homeless veteran community and helps them transition 
from homelessness. 
Enlarged Europe
To honor the International Volunteer Day, 115 employees across 7 European countries (UK, France, 
Italy, Spain, Portugal, Poland, and Slovakia), served nearly 400 hours in activities to benefit their local 
communities around Stellantis plants. These activities included preparing and delivering Christmas 
boxes addressed to kids and elderly people in need who could not leave their homes; collecting and 
sorting food and clothes; promoting STEM disciplines for girls through digital applications developed 
to solve specific problems in their environment; supporting at-risk women by preparing them for job 
interviews to be reintegrated into the labor market; and finally committing to improve the quality of 
life for people with intellectual disabilities and their families, promoting their full inclusion in a just and 
supportive society. 
South America
During 2023, 20 students from public schools in Porto Real, Brazil completed a training cycle at Stellantis 
facilities with the main focus of training them for the working world, with the contribution of more 
than 200 hours of volunteering by employees of our company. This program, called FORMARE, was 
carried out in partnership with Fundação Iochpe and is aimed at socioeconomically vulnerable young 
people between 16 and 19 years of age.
Middle East & Africa
For National Women’s Day in Johannesburg, South Africa, four Stellantis employees – together with 
the Mina Foundation – spent more than 16 total hours at Mpilisweni Secondary School. More than 
400 menstrual cups were provided to young students, in addition to helping to educate them on the 
natural biological process. 
India
More than 500 students benefited from 12 Stellantis employees in Chennai, India. The employees spent 
72 hours with Sevalaya children telling stories, listening to their aspirations and donating books and 
stationary to the library. In addition, across locations in India and Malaysia, more than 100 employees 
dedicated nearly 450 hours to environmental activities cleaning beaches and rivers. In total, employees 
collected 134 bags of garbage, weighing more than 1,200 kg. 
China
Ten employees in China spent 30 hours collecting and donating books, stationary, clothes and toys to 
a remote area in the Yunnan Province. More than 100 students, teachers and villagers benefited from 
the materials.
287


Page 288:
8 APPENDIX
8.1 REPORTING SCOPE AND METHODOLOGY 29 0
8.1.1 Methodology for building the CSR reporting perimeter 290
8.1.2 Breakdowns of information provided 291
8.2 INDEXES 292
8.2.1 TCFD 292
8.2.2 SASB  293
8.2.3 ISO 26000 296
8.2.4 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index 298
8.2.5 UN GLOBAL COMPACT principles index with related GRI codes 306
8.2.6 DPEF 308
8.3 AUDITOR’S REPORT 310
8.4 SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 314
8.5 ABOUT THIS REPORT 315
288


Page 289:
8.1 REPORTING SCOPE AND METHODOLOGY SASB-000A  GRI 3-2
Stellantis consolidates and publishes indicators according to three guiding principles: being transparent, 
being thorough and providing high-quality information. 
The definitions of calculation rules or reference conventions used are international standards. Reference 
guides specifying the methodologies, definitions and calculation procedures are used by the reporting 
contributors to ensure the quality and consistency of the consolidated information. Unless otherwise 
indicated, all data presented in the report refers to the International System
of Units and may be subject to rounding.
Information presented in the report, follows a Pro Forma approach which has been prepared to give 
effect to completion of the merger of PSA and FCA to create Stellantis, which was completed on 
January 17, 2021, as if it had been completed on January 1, 2020.
The normalization factor for manufacturing activities adopted in chapters 2.6, 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6 is 6,292 
thousand vehicles produced.
In this report, unless otherwise specified, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, ”its”, “Company” and “Stellantis” 
refer to Stellantis N.V., together with its subsidiaries and its predecessor prior to the completion of the 
merger of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. with Peugeot SA or any one or more of them, as the context 
may require.
8.1.1 METHODOLOGY FOR BUILDING THE CSR  
REPORTING PERIMETER GRI 102-45  GRI 3-1
The CSR scope of reporting is set up from the financial scope of reporting.
The CSR scope of reporting covers the fully consolidated companies (consolidated line by line) and does 
not consider entities accounted for by the equity method or valued at cost in the consolidated financial 
statements, except where noted.
Selected entities or specific sites are excluded from the scope of reporting for some CSR issues. This is 
attributable to the inability to obtain data of satisfactory quality, or to immateriality in relation to the 
Company as a whole, or to newly-acquired entities or activities that are not fully operational, in the 
start up phase, under dismissal or sold during the reporting year. For this reason, to determine the CSR 
scope of reporting, different filters are applied.
For more information on Stellantis entities included in the consolidated financial statements, refer to 
the 2023 Annual Report, available on the corporate website 1.
1 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-
20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
For environmental-related information included in sections 2.6 and 6.3-6.7 of this Report, the following 
definitions are applied:
 ■ “Manufacturing”: relates to plants activities and also includes proving grounds and technical, R&D 
and ICT centers.
 ■ “Retail”: relates to Company-owned sales and after-sales activities, retail offices (such as import 
subsidiaries) and logistics activities (spare parts warehouses and distribution centers).
The sites included in the definitions above, are assessed to determine the inclusion in the scope of 
reporting against specific thresholds based on: number of employees working onsite, size (m2) and 
other criteria.
A selection of sites in the Retail group, apply a different reporting period (November 1 - October 31) to 
allow data collection and validation by the time of the release of this Report.
Information related to vehicles and services offered to customers, such as those presented in sections 
2.5 and 4.1-4.3 of this Report, may include data on vehicles produced and/or service offered by 
unconsolidated joint ventures.
References to "customer" as used in this Report refer to the end user of our products or services.
For human resources-related information included in Chapter 3, unless stated otherwise:
 ■ workforce related KPIs do not include 2,258  employees representing 0.9% of the total headcount, 
because they belong to legal entities that are not managed within the HR consolidation tool: 
AImotive, Autobiz, Autodie, CPK, ShareNow, Stimcar, Suramericana de Plasticos and UAP
 ■ entities joining Stellantis less than six month ago 
 ■ entities planned to be sold
 ■ entities with no material impact: The impact of Comau on main industrial issues (water, energy, GHG 
emission, air emission and waste) is not material, meanings lower than 5%.
 ■ entities which  published their own report: The non-financial information related to the subsidiary 
Aramis, that counts 2,339  employees, is not included in Stellantis consolidated non-financial statement, 
since Aramis significance is not material to the whole. Aramis represents approximately 1% of total 
turnover, total headcount and total GHG emissions of Stellantis consolidated data. Consequently, 
the non-financial information of Aramis has no impact on the consolidated statement established by 
Stellantis. It cannot affect the sincerity and the conformity of the Stellantis consolidated statement 
with regards to the applicable law (NFRD). 
In addition, as Aramis has its own risk management, policies, and set of KPIs that are specific to 
its activities, the efforts to report Aramis non-financial information in accordance with Stellantis 
frameworks would not be in proportion, taking in consideration Aramis’ representativity of 
approximately 1%.
Nevertheless, transparency duty is fulfilled as, being a listed company, Aramis publishes its own 
Registration Document in accordance with the NFRD: Regulated information - Aramis Group 2. 
Thus, interested stakeholders can access the required information.
2 https://aramis.group/investors/regulated-information/
289


Page 290:
8.1.2 BREAKDOWNS OF INFORMATION PROVIDED
Segments
Stellantis activities are carried out through six reportable segments: five regional vehicle segments and 
Maserati. These reportable segments reflect the operating segments of the Company that are regularly 
reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer, who is the “chief operating decision maker”, for making 
strategic decisions, allocating resources and assessing performance, and that exceed the quantitative 
threshold provided in IFRS 8 – Operating Segments (“IFRS 8”), or whose information is considered 
useful for the users of the financial statements.
The Company’s five regional vehicle reportable segments deal with the design, engineering, 
development, manufacturing, distribution and sale of passenger cars, light commercial vehicles and 
related parts and services in specific geographic areas: 
 ■ North America (U.S., Canada and Mexico), 
 ■ South America (including Central America and the Caribbean islands), 
 ■ Enlarged Europe (primarily the countries of the European Union, United Kingdom and Russia), 
 ■ Middle East and Africa (primarily Turkey, Morocco, Egypt and Algeria) and 
 ■ China and India & Asia Pacific (Asia and Pacific countries). 
The Company's global luxury brand reportable segment, Maserati, deals with the design, engineering, 
development, manufacturing, worldwide distribution and sale of luxury vehicles under the Maserati 
brand.
Other activities includes the results of our cast iron and aluminum components business, our 
financial services activities, as well as the activities and businesses that are not operating segments 
under IFRS 8.
The breakdown by segments is adopted in a limited set of data within this Report.
Geographical Areas 
In order to simplify the understanding of the reader, the majority of information is provided considering 
the geographical distribution of where activities are located to reflect where impacts occur.
For this reason, the Maserati and Other sectors’ information are realigned into the five geographic areas:
 ■ North America (U.S., Canada and Mexico) 
 ■ South America (including Central America and the Caribbean islands) 
 ■ Enlarged Europe (primarily the countries of the European Union, United Kingdom and Russia) 
 ■ Middle East and Africa (primarily Turkey, Morocco, Egypt and Algeria)  
 ■ China and India & Asia Pacific (Asia and Pacific countries). 
290


Page 291:
8.2 INDEXES
8.2.1 TCFD
The following table provides the correspondence between the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and the content of the present Report.
Thematic TCFD recommendations Relevant sections of this CSR Report
Status / Completion 
level
Governance (G)
Disclose the organization’s governance around 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Ga. Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks 
and opportunities. 2.4.1 / 2.4.3 FULL
Gb. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities.2.4.2 / 2.4.3 FULL
Strategy (S)
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of 
climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy and financial 
planning where such information is material.
Sa. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short-, medium- and long-term. 2.3.1.2 FULL
Sb. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.
2.3.1.2 
Financial elements to be found in Taxonomy 
section of the Annual Report 3
PARTIAL
Sc. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
2.3.2 PARTIAL
Risk management (R)
Disclose how the organization identifies, 
assesses and manages climate-related risks.
Ra. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks.
1.2.3 / 2.3.1.1 / 2.3.1.3
and Risk Management section of the Annual 
Report 3
PARTIAL
Rb. Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related 
risks. 1.2.3 / 2.3.1.1 / 2.3.1.3 PARTIAL
Rc. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk 
management.
1.2.3 / 2.3.1.1 / 2.3.1.3 PARTIAL
Metrics and targets (M)
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess 
and manage relevant climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such information is material.
Ma. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management 
process.
2.3.3 / 2.5.4 /2.6.4 / 2.7.4 FULL
Mb. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks.2.3 FULL
Mc. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance against targets.2.2 FULL
3 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
291


Page 292:
8.2.2 SASB 
The following table provides the correspondence between the  SASB Transportation Standard index and information disclosed in the present report.
References to the Automotive industry ESG reporting of the SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) are denoted by: SASB-XXXx.x
Accounting metric CODE4 2021 Results 2022 Results 2023 Results
Relevant sections 
of this CSR Report
Activity
Number of vehicles 
manufactured SASB-000.A 5,687 thousand 5,768 thousand 6,292 thousand 8.1
Number of vehicles sold5 SASB-000.B 6,604 thousand 5,852 thousand 6,200 thousand 2.5.4
Product 
Safety
Percentage of vehicle models 
rated by NCAP programs 
with and overall 5-star safety 
rating, by region
SASB-250a.1 NA6 NA6 NA6
Number of safety-related 
defect complaints, 
percentage investigated
SASB-250a.2 NA6 NA6 NA6
Number of vehicles recalled7 SASB-250a.3 3,003 thousand 14,708 thousand 6,813 thousand 4.3.7
a.Mandatory recalls 0 0 0 4.3.7
b.Voluntary recalls All 124 recall campaigns carried out in 
2021 were voluntary
All 139 recall campaigns carried out in 
2022 were voluntary
All 124 recall campaigns carried out in 
2023 were voluntary4.3.7
Labor 
Practices
Percentage of active workforce 
covered under collective 
bargaining agreements
SASB-310a.1 87% 89% 90% 3.1.4
Number of work stoppages 
and total days idleSASB-310a.2 0
Number of work stoppages: 1
Total days idle: 1,100 
Reason: requests for equipment to 
be repaired/purchased, tempered air/
cooling, uniforms and cleanings.
 
 
 
 
Corrective actions: the parties met 
and resolved the outstanding issues.
 
 
Impact on operations: 1 full day of 
production lost.
Number of major work stoppages: 2
Total days idle: 730,757 = 11,549 x 63 
days for U.S. and 3,170 x 1 day for Italy. 
Reason: expiring of the National 
agreement in U.S., with trade unions 
utilizing their legal right to strike until a 
new agreement was found and lack of 
governmental industrial initiatives and 
policies to support the revival of the 
metal sector in Italy.
Corrective actions: the parties met and 
resolved the outstanding issues in North 
America (contract signed and renovated 
commitment in countries of presence).
Impact on operations: 64 full days of 
production lost at sites involved.
3.1.7
4 The standard codification of the SASB indicators in the format SASB TR-AU-XXXx.x is simplified into SASB-XXXx.x.
5 Sales figures are “sales to customers” based on Stellantis operational reporting tools.
6 NA: Information is Not Available.
7 Detail on notable campaigns is available in 4.3.7.
292


Page 293:
Accounting metric CODE4 2021 Results 2022 Results 2023 Results
Relevant sections 
of this CSR Report
Fuel 
Economy 
and  
Use-phase 
Emissions
Sales-weighted average 
passenger fleet fuel 
economy, by region 
(gCO2km, mpg, MJ/km, 
L/100km)8 
SASB-410a.1 2.5.4.1
European Union 27 + 
Norway + Iceland  
(gCO2/km) ( gCO2km)
M1 (Passenger Cars) 116.6 gCO2/km 105.3 gCO2/km 104.4 gCO2/km 2.5.4.1
N1 (Light Commercial 
Vehicles)186 gCO2/km 165.6 gCO2/km 170.4 gCO2/km
United States (mpg)
Light Duty Vehicles 
(incl. Light Duty 
Trucks, Domestic & 
Imported  Pass. cars)
27.1 mpg 27.1 mpg 28.3 mpg 2.5.4.1
Brazil (MJ/km) Total Stellantis 1.9 MJ/km 1.7MJ/km 1.7MJ/km 2.5.4.1
China (L/100km) Total Stellantis 
(domestic & import)7.3 L/100km 6.02 L/100km 6.08 L/100km 2.5.4.1
Number of (1) zero emission 
vehicles (ZEV), (2) hybrid 
vehicles, and (3) plug-in 
hybrid vehicles sold
SASB-410a.2 393,7209 823,856 996,994 2.5.4.3
zero emission vehicles 206,339 288,167 349,666 2.5.4.3
hybrid vehicles NA10 311,637 348,823 2.5.4.3
plug-in hybrid vehicles 187,381 224,052 298,505 2.5.4.3
Discussion of strategies and 
approach to managing fleet 
fuel economy and emissions 
risks and opportunities
SASB-410a.3 Disclosed Disclosed Disclosed 2.3 / 2.4 / 2.5 / 6.2 and 
related sub sections
8 Additional details on scope of reporting, calculation methodologies by region, and updates are provided in FY2023 CSR Report, table 2.5.4.1
9 Sum of zero emission vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles
10 NA: Information is Not Available
4 The standard codification of the SASB indicators in the format SASB TR-AU-XXXx.x is simplified into SASB-XXXx.x.
293


Page 294:
Accounting metric CODE4 2021 Results 2022 Results 2023 Results
Relevant sections 
of this CSR Report
Materials 
Sourcing
Description of the 
management of risks 
associated with the use of 
critical materials
SASB-440a.1 Disclosed Disclosed Disclosed 6.1.3 / 7.1.3 / 7.2.2.3 / 
7.2.3
Materials 
Efficiency 
and 
Recycling
Total amount of waste from 
manufacturing (tons)SASB-440b.1 273,850 273,597 301,595 6.4.2 / 6.4.4.1 / 6.4.5
percentage recycled (%) 66% 69% 71%
Weight of end-of-life 
material recovered (tons)
Percentage recycled (%)11 
SASB-440b.2
40,996 
87%
23,047 
88%
18,184 
88%
6.1.7.6
Average recyclability of 
vehicles sold (percentage 
%) by sales-weighted tons 
(Gt)12 
SASB-440b.3
All the Company’s vehicles in Europe 
are 95% recoverable and 85% 
recyclable
All the Company’s vehicles in Europe 
are 95% recoverable and 85% 
recyclable
All the Company’s vehicles in Europe 
are 95% recoverable and 85% 
recyclable
6.1.7.4
11 Official information from French Authorities on French scope only. Data is only available with 1.5 years delay.
12 Official information from Europe only.
4 The standard codification of the SASB indicators in the format SASB TR-AU-XXXx.x is simplified into SASB-XXXx.x.
294


Page 295:
8.2.3 ISO 26000
The following table provides the correspondence between the Core subjects of ISO 26000 and the content of the present Report.
The items required by ISO 26000 standard are indicated hereinafter using the following icon: Stake 1, Stake 2...etc.
Core subjects and issues / challenges Relevant sections of this CSR Report
Core subject Organizational governance 1.3 / 2.4 / 3.1.4 / 3.2.4 /3.3.4 / 3.4.4 / 4.1.4 / 4.2.4 / 4.3.4 / 5.1.4 / 5.2.4 / 5.3.4 / 6.1.4 / 6.2.4 / 6.3.1 / 7.1.4 / 7.2.1.2 / 7.2.2.4 / 7.3.4
Core subject Human rights 7.2.1 / 7.2.2 / 7.2.3
Stake 1 Due diligence 3.1.5 / 5.1.7 / 6.1.3 / 7.1.1 / 7.1.3 / 7.1.4 / 7.1.5 / 7.1.7.3 / 7.1.8.1 / 7.2.1 / 7.2.2 / 7.2.3 / Vigilance Plan
Stake 2 Human rights risk situations 3.1.5 / 7.2.1.1 / 7.2.2.3 / 7.2.3 / Vigilance Plan
Stake 3 Avoidance of complicity 5.1.4 / 5.1.5 / 5.1.7 / 7.1.5 / 7.1.6 / 7.1.7 / 7.1.8/ 7.2.2.4 / 7.2.2.5 / 7.2.2.6 / 7.2.2.7 / 7.2.3 / Vigilance Plan
Stake 4 Resolving grievances 3.1.7
Stake 5 Discrimination and vulnerable groups 7.1.5 / 7.1.7 / 7.1.8 / 7.2.2.7   
Stake 6 Civil and political rights 3.1.4 / 3.1.5 / 3.1.7 / 3.3.5 / 3.3.7 / 3.3.8 / 5.1.5.1    
Stake 7 Economic, social and cultural rights 3.3 / 7
Stake 8 Fundamental principles and rights at work 3.1.4 / 3.1.5 / 3.4.6 / 3.4.7 / 5.1.5.1 / 7.1 / 7.2 
Core subject Labor practices 3
Stake 9 Employment and employment relationships 3
Stake 10 Conditions of work and social protection 3.2.8 / 3.3.7 / 3.4.8
Stake 11 Social dialogue 1.1.4 / 1.2.1 / 1.2.4 / 2.4 / 3.1 / 3.3.5 / 3.4.7
Stake 12 Health and safety at work 3.4 / 6.1.4 / 7.1.5 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan
Stake 13 Human development and training in the workplace 1.2.4 / 2.7.3 / 3.1.5 / 3.1.6 / 3.1.7 / 3.2/ 3.3 /3.4.6 /3.4.7 /4.2.6 /4.3.7 / 5.1.7 / 5.3.6 / 6.3.3.2
Core subject The environment 2 / 6
Stake 14 Prevention of pollution 2 / 6 / 7.1 / 7.2
Stake 15 Sustainable resource use 2.6 / 6.1 / 6.4 / 6.6 
Stake 16 Climate change mitigation and adaptation 2
Stake 17 Protection of the environment, biodiversity and 
restoration of natural habitats 6.7
295


Page 296:
Core subjects and issues / challenges Relevant sections of this CSR Report
Core subject Fair operating practices 5 / 7
Stake 18 Anti-corruption 5.1 / 7.1
Stake 19 Responsible political involvement 5.1
Stake 20 Fair competition 5.1.3 / 5.3.1 
Stake 21 Promoting corporate responsibility in the value chain 1
Stake 22 Respect for property rights 5.1 / 5.2 / 7.1.5
Core subject Consumers issues 4 / 5.2 / 5.3
Stake 23 Fair marketing, factual and unbiased information and fair 
contractual practices 5.3
Stake 24 Protecting consumer health and safety 4.3 / 6.2 / 6.3 / 6.5 / 6.6 / 6.7
Stake 25 Sustainable consumption 2.5 / 5.3 / 6.1 / 6.4 / 6.6
Stake 26 Consumer service, support and complaint and dispute 
resolution4.2
Stake 27 Consumer data protection and privacy 5.2
Stake 28 Access to essential services 4.1.7 / 4.2.6.2 / 4.2.7 
Stake 29 Education and awareness 5.3
Core subject Communities and local development 7
Stake 30 Community involvement 7.1 / 7.2 / 7.3  
Stake 31 Education and culture 1.1.4 / 1.2.4 / 1.3.1 / 5.1 /7.3
Stake 32 Employment creation and skills development 3.1 / 3.2 / 7.1 / 7.2 / 7.3
Stake 33 Technology development and access 2.5.2 / 2.5.3.2
Stake 34 Wealth and income creation 3.1.6 / 3.1.7 / 3.2.5 / 3.2.7 / 3.2.8 / 7
Stake 35 Health  7.3.6 / 7.3.7
Stake 36 Social investment 3.4.7 / 3.4.8 / 7.1. / 7.2 / 7.3
296


Page 297:
8.2.4 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX
This report has been prepared with reference with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards published in 2016, modified in 2021.
The items required by GRI standards are indicated in this report using the following icon: GRI XXX-XX
Selected information has been validated by the independent audit firm Grant Thornton (refer to the detailed report  8.3 ).
Statement of use Stellantis has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1 - December 30,  2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
General disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details 8.5
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting 8.1
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 8.5
2-4 Restatements of information 3.2.2 / 3.2.8 / 3.3.8
2-5 External assurance 8.3
2-6 Activities, value chain, and other business relationships 1.1.1
2-7 Employees 1.1.2 / 3.1.7 / 3.18
2-8 Workers who are not employees 3.1.7 / 3.1.8
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
2-9 Governance structure and composition 1.3.2
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 1.3.2 / 5.1.4.1
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 1.3.2 and Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report 13 
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 1.1.3
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 1.3.3
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 1.3.2
2-15 Conflicts of interest 5.1 / 7.1.8.1
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 7.2.7
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 5.1.4.1
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 5.1.4.2 / 5.1.4.3
2-19 Remuneration policies 2.4.3 / 3.2.5 / 5.1.3 / 5.1.4.2 and Remuneration report section in the Annual Report 13
13 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
297


Page 298:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2.4.3 / 3.1.5 / 5.1.4.2 and Remuneration report section in the Annual Report 14 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Remuneration report section in the Annual Report 14
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 0.2 message from chairman and CEO
2-23 Policy commitments 1.3 / 2.4.2
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 2.5.1 / 2.6.1 / 2.7.1 / 3.1.5 / 3.2.5 / 3.3.5 / 3.4.5 / 4.1.5 / 4.2.5 / 4.3.5 / 5.1.5 / 5.2.5 / 5.3.5 / 6.1.5 / 6.2.5 / 
6.3.2 / 7.1.5 / 7.2.2.5 / 7.3.5
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 3.1.7 / 7.2.7 / Vigilance Plan
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 5.1.5
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 5.1 and Legal proceedings section of the Annual Report 14
2-28 Membership associations 5.1.5 / 7.1.1 / 7.2.3 / 7.2.7
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 1.1.3
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 3.1.4 / 3.1.5
Economic performance
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 1.1.4
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 1.1.4
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 3.2.6 / 3.2.7 and Note 20. Employee benefits liabilities in the Annual Report 14
201-4 Financial assistance received from government 1.1.4.6 and Government grants in Notes to the consolidated financial statements in the 
Annual Report 14
Indirect economic impacts
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 1.1.4
203-2 Significant indirect impacts 1.1.1 / 1.1.4
Local communities 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local 
communities6.3 / 6.5 / 6.6 / Vigilance Plan
Socioeconomic compliance 419-1 Noncompliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area 2.5.3.1 / 3.1.7 / 3.3.7 / 5.1.4.3 / 5.2.7 / 5.3.2 and Legal Proceedings section in the Annual Report 14
Material topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics 1.2.2 / 1.2.3
3-2 List of material topics 1.2.1
14 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
298


Page 299:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Vehicle CO2 emissions
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 2.5 / 2.5.1 / 2.5.2 / 2.5.3 / 2.5.4 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 302: Energy
302-2 Energy consumption outside the organization 2.3
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 2.5.3 / 2.5.3.2.3 / 2.5.3.2.4 / 2.5.3.3 / 2.5.3.4
GRI 305: Emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2.5.4 / 2.7
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2.5.1 / 2.5.2.2
Industrial and sites carbon footprint
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 2.6.1 / 2.6.2 / 2.6.3.2 / 2.6.3 / 2.6.4 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 302: Energy
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.2
302-3 Energy intensity 2.6.4.1
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 2.6.3.3 / 2.6.3.4
GRI 305: Emissions
305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions 2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1
305-2 Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions 2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2.6.3.1
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2.6.3.2
Carbon footprint of the supply chain: purchasing and logistics
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 2.7.1 / 2.7.2 / 7.1.4 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 302: Energy 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 2.7.3 / 2.7.4
GRI 305: Emissions
305-3 Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions 2.7
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2.7.3 / 2.7.4
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2.7.3.2
GRI 308: Supplier 
environmental assessment
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 7.1.7.3
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 2.7.3.2 / 7.1.8.1
299


Page 300:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Management of Company transformations and social dialogue
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 3.1 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 401: Employment 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 3.1.7 / 3.1.8 / 3.2.3
GRI 402: Labor 
management relations 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes 3.1.4
GRI 407: Freedom of 
association and collective 
bargaining
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and 
collective bargaining may be at risk 7.1.8.1 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 412: Human rights 
assessment 15
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact 
assessments 3.1.5 / 3.1.7 3.3.5 / 3.3.7 / 7.1 / 7.2 / Vigilance Plan
412-2 Employees training on human rights policies or procedures 3.2.7 / 3.2.8 / 7.1.7.1 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan 
GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programs3.1.4 / 3.4.4 / 7.3.4 / 7.3.7
Attracting and developing all talents
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 3.2
GRI 202: Market presence
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage 3.2.8
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community global data available in 3.3.8
GRI 401: Employment
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 3.1.7 / 3.1.8 / 3.2.3
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 
part-time employees 3.1.7
GRI 404: Training and 
education
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 3.2.6
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 3.2.7
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews3.2.7
Diversity and equal opportunity
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 3.3 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 401: Employment 401-3 Parental leave 3.3.7
GRI 405: Diversity and 
equal opportunity
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 3.3.7 / 3.3.8
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 3.2.8 / 3.3.8 / 5.1.3.1
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 3.3.7
15 Old GRI reference still present due to the GRI update transition
300


Page 301:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Health, safety and well-being in the workplace
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 3.4 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 403: Occupational 
health and safety
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 3.4.4
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 3.4.6 / 3.4.7
403-3 Occupational health services 3.4.6
403-4 Worker participation, consultation,and communication on occupational health 
and safety3.4.5 / 3.4.6
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 3.4.6 / 3.4.7
403-6 Promotion of worker health 3.4.5 / 3.4.7
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 3.4.4 / 3.4.5
403-9 Work-related injuries 3.4.7 / 3.4.8
403-10 Work-related ill health 3.4.8
Development of new mobility solutions (including autonomous vehicles)
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 2.3.1.2 / 2.4.2 / 2.4.3 / 4.1 / Vigilance Plan
Vehicle and service quality - customer satisfaction
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 4.2
Vehicle Safety
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 4.3.1 / 4.3.3 / 4.3.5 / 4.3.7 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 416: Customer health 
and safety
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts on product and service categories 4.3.6 / 4.3.7
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of 
products and services4.3.7
Ethics in governance and business practices
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 5.1 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 205: Anti-corruption
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 5.1.6 / Section Risk management of the Annual Report 16 
205-2 Communications and training about anti-corruption policies and monopoly practices3.2.6 / 5.1.4.1 / 7.1.5
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 3.1.7
GRI 206: Anti-competitive 
behavior 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust and monopoly practices Legal proceedings section of the Annual Report 16 
GRI 415: Public policy 415-1 Political contributions 5.1.4.2
16 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
301


Page 302:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Responsible management of personal information
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 5.2
GRI 418: Customer privacy 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses 
of customer data 5.2.7
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 4.3.1 / 4.3.3 / 4.3.5 / 4.3.7
GRI 416: Customer health 
and safety
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts on product and service categories 4.3.6 / 4.3.7
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of 
products and services4.3.7
Responsible information to customers
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 5.3
GRI 417: Marketing and 
labelling
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labelling 5.3.1 / 6.1.5
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and 
labelling5.3.2
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications 5.3.2
Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle ( including product recycling)
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 6.1.1 / 6.1.2/ 6.1.3 / 6.1.5 / 6.1.7 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 301: Materials
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 6.1.8
301-2 Recycled input materials used 6.1.7.2
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 2.7.1 / 2.7.3.3 / 6.1.5 / 6.1.7 / 6.4.4
Vehicle impact on air quality
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 6.2 / Vigilance Plan
Optimization of material cycles in manufacturing processes (including waste)
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 6.4.1 / 6.4.2 / 6.4.3 / 6.4.4.1 / 6.4.4.2.1 / 6.4.5
GRI 301: Materials 301-2 Recycled input materials used 6.1.7.2
GRI 306: Waste
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 6.4.1 / 6.4.3
306-2 Management of significant waste related impacts 6.1.7 / 6.4.4
306-3 Waste generated 6.4.5
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 6.4.4.2.1 / 6.4.4.2.2 / 6.4.5
306 -5 Waste directed to disposal 6.4.4.1 / 6.4.5
302


Page 303:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Control of industrial discharges and nuisances
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 6.5 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 305: Emissions
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) 6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and other significant air emissions 6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5
Sustainable water management in manufacturing
GRI 3: Material Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics 6.6.1 / 6.6.2 / 6.6.3 / 6.6.4.1
GRI 303: Water and 
effluents
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts 6.6.4.1
303-3 Water withdrawal 6.6.1 / 6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5.1 / 6.6.5.4 
303-4 Water discharge 6.6.1 / 6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5
303-5 Water consumption 6.6.1 / 6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5.3
Protection of biodiversity
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 6.7.1 / 6.7.2 / 6.7.3 / 6.7.4
GRI 304: Biodiversity
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas, 
and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 6.7.5.1
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity  6.7.4 / 6.7.5
304-3 Habitats protected or restored 6.7.4.1 / 6.7.5
Responsible purchasing practices (including local sourcing development)  to support the Company’s development in host territories
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 7.1 / 7.2 / Vigilance Plan 
GRI 412: Human rights 
assessment17
412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights 
clauses or that
underwent human rights screening
7.1.5 / 7.1.7
GRI 414: Supplier social 
assessment
414-1 New supplier that were screened using social criteria 7.1.5 / 7.1.7.3
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 7.1.7.3 / 7.1.8 / 7.2.6 / 7.2.8 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 204: Procurement 
practices
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 7.1.8
17 Old GRI reference still present due to the GRI update transition.
303


Page 304:
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Human rights in the supply chain
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 7.1.4 / 7.1.7 / 7.1.8 / 7.2.1.2 / 7.2.2 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 407: Freedom of 
association and collective 
bargaining
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and 
collective bargaining may be at risk7.1.8 / 7.2.2 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 408: Child labor 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor 7.1.8 / 7.2.2 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 409: Forced or 
compulsory labor
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced and 
compulsory labor7.1.8 / 7.2.2 / Vigilance Plan
GRI 410: Security practices 
compulsory labor410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures 3.1.5 
GRI 411: Rights of 
indigenous peoples411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples 3.1.7
GRI 412: Human rights 
assessment18 
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact 
assessments 7.2.8 
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures 3.1.5 / 3.2.7 / 3.2.8 / 3.4.7 / 5.1.7 / 7.1.7.1 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan 
412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights 
clauses or that
underwent human rights screening
1.1.3 / 3.1.2 / 6.1.3 / 7.1.5 / 7.2.2.7 
GRI 414: Supplier social 
assessment
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 7.1.5 / 7.1.7.3 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 7.1.7.3 / 7.1.8 / Vigilance Plan
Philanthropic actions to support communities
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 7.3.3 / 7.3.4 / 7.3.5 / 7.3.6 / 7.3.7
GRI 203: Indirect economic 
impacts
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 7.3.6
203-2 Significant indirect impacts 7.3.6
GRI 413: Local communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and 
development programs7.3.4 / 7.3.7
18 Old GRI reference still present due to the GRI update transition.
304


Page 305:
8.2.5 UN GLOBAL COMPACT PRINCIPLES INDEX WITH RELATED GRI CODES
Areas Principles GRI codes Section number(s) and/or URL(s)
1. Human rights 1. Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 
human rights
410-1
411-1
412-119
412-219
413-1
413-2 
3.1.5/ 7.1.1
3.1.7
3.1.5 / 3.1.7 / 3.3.7 / 7.1 / 7.2 / 7.2.8
3.1.5/ 3.2.7 / 3.2.8 / 3.4.7 / 5.1.7 / 7.1.7.1 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan 
3.1.4 / 3.4.4 / 7.3.4 / 7.3.7 
6.3 / 6.5 / 6.6 / Vigilance Plan
2. Business should make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses 412-219
412-319
414-1
414-2
3.2.7 /3.2.8 / 7.1.7.1 / 7.2.2.7
7.1.5 / 7.1.7
7.1.5 / 7.1.7.3
7.1.7.3 / 7.1.8 / 7.2.5 / 7.2.6 / 7.2.8 / Vigilance Plan 
2. Labor standards 3. Businesses should uphold the freedom of association
and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining
2-30
402-1
407-1 
3.1.4 / 3.1.5
3.1.4
7.1.8.1 / 7.2.2.7 / Vigilance Plan
4. Businesses should uphold the elimination of all forms of forced compulsory labour 409-1 7.1.8 / 7.2.3 / 7.2.7
5. Businesses should uphold the effective abolition of child labor 408-1 7.1.8 / 7.2 / Vigilance plan
6. Businesses should uphold the elimination of discrimination in respect of 
employment and occupation
2-7
2-8
202-1
202-2
401-1 
401-3
404-3
405-1 
405-2
406-1
1.1.1 / 3.3.7 / 3.1.8
3.1.7 / 3.1.8
3.2.8
3.3.8
3.1.7 / 3.1.8 / 3.2.3
3.3.7
3.2.7
3.3.7 / 3.3.8
3.2.8 / 3.3.8 / 5.1.3.1
3.3.7
3. The environment 7. Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges 201-2
301-1
302-1
303-1
305-1
305-2
305-3
305-6
305-7
1.1.4
6.1.8
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.2 
6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5 
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1 
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1 
2.5.4 / 2.7
6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5
6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5 
19 Old GRI reference still present due to the GRI update transition
305


Page 306:
Areas Principles GRI codes Section number(s) and/or URL(s)
3. The environment 8. Business should undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental 
responsibility
301-1
301-2
301-3
302-1
302-2
302-3
302-4
302-5
303-1
303-2
303-3
304-1
304-2
304-3
305-1
305-2
305-3
305-4
305-5
305-6
305-7
306-1
306-2
306-3
306-4
306-5
2-27
308-1
308-2
6.1.8
6.1.7.2
2.7.1 / 2.7.3.3 / 6.1.5 / 6.1.7 / 6.4.4 
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.2
2.3 / 2.7.3 / 2.7.4
2.6.4.1
2.6.3.3 / 2.6.3.4
2.5.3 / 2.5.3.2.3 / 2.5.3.2.4 / 2.5.3.3 / 2.5.3.4  
6.6.4.1 / 6.6.5 
6.6.4.1
6.6.1 / 6.6.4.1 / 6.6.4.2 / 6.6.5
6.7.5.1 
6.7.4 / 6.7.5 
6.7.4.1 / 6.7.5 
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1 
2.6.3.1 / 2.6.4.1 
2.5./ 2.7 
2.6.3.1 / 2.7.3 / 2.7.4
2.6.3.2 /2.7.3.2
6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5
6.5.4.1 / 6.5.5
6.4.1 / 6.4.3
6.1.7 / 6.4.4
6.4.5
6.4.4.2.1 / 6.4.4.2.2 / 6.4.5
6.4.4.1 / 6.4.5
Legal proceedings section of the Annual Report 20
7.1.7.3
2.7.3.2 / 7.1.8.1
3. The environment 9. Business should encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally 
friendly technologies
302-4
302-5
305-5
2.6.3.3 / 2.6.3.4
2.5.3 / 2.5.3.2.3 / 2.5.3.2.4 / 2.5.3.3 / 2.5.3.4 
2.5.4 / 2.7
4. Anti-corruption 10. Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and 
bribery
2-23
2-26
205-2
205-3
413-2
415-1
1.3 / 2.4.2 
5.1.5
3.2.6 / 5.1.4.1 / 7.1.5
3.1.7
6.3 / 6.5 / 6.6Vigilance Plan 
5.1.4.2
20 https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-reports/Stellantis-NV-20231231-Annual-Report.pdf
306


Page 307:
8.2.6 DPEF
The DPEF index outlined below sets out the requirements of Articles L. 225-102-1 and R. 225-105 
et seq. of the French Commercial Code which transpose the Directive 2014/95/EU on non-financial 
reporting, in force since the 2018 financial year and demand to provide Non-Financial Information (NFI) 
(“Déclaration de Performance Extra Financière” in French).
The requirements of Articles L. 225-102-1 and R. 225-105 et seq. of the French Commercial Code are 
classified below, accordingly three types of icon21:
21 Déclaration de Performance Extra-Financière (DPEF).
 ■ DPEF.A for Stellantis business model;
 ■ DPEF.B for the description of the main Corporate Social Responsibility risks inherent in Stellantis activity;
 ■ DPEF.X for the other indicators, including three indicators, with anticipation to the future Decree of 
application to Law No. 2018 -938 of October 30, 2018–art 55 for the balance of trade relations in the 
agricultural and food sectors and healthy, sustainable and accessible food for all, and Law No. 2018-
898 of October 23, 2018 for the fight against fraud. They are featured at the end of the index and 
have modified article L. 225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code.
Expected
Codification of the 
DPEF indicators
CSR Report  
(relevant sections)
Degree of response22 
Complete/Partial/Omission
The Company’s business model DPEF.A 1.1.1 COMPLETE
Main risks inherent in the Company’s activity DPEF.B 1.2.1 / 2.3 / 3.1.3 / 3.2.3 / 3.3.3 / 3.4.3 / 4.1.3 / 4.2.3 / 4.3.3/ 5.1.3/ 5.2.3/ 5.3.3 / 6.1.3 / 6.2.3 / 6.4.3 / 
6.5.3 / 6.6.3 / 6.7.3 / 7.1.7.3 / 7.2.1.1 / 7.2.2.3 / 7.3.3 
COMPLETE
1° SOCIAL INFORMATION
a) Employment
Total workforce DPEF.1.a 1.1.2 / 3.1.8 / 3.3.8 COMPLETE
Employees by gender DPEF.1.b 3.1.8 / 3.2.8 / 3.3.8 COMPLETE
Employees by age DPEF.1.c 3.1.8 / 3.2.8 / 3.3.8 COMPLETE
Employees by geographical segment DPEF.1.d 3.1.8 / 3.2.8 / 3.3.8 / 3.4.8 COMPLETE
Hirings DPEF.2.a 3.1.7 / 3.1.8 COMPLETE
Dismissals DPEF.2.b 3.1.8 COMPLETE
Compensation and changes therein DPEF.3 3.2.8 COMPLETE
b) Work arrangements
Organization of working hours DPEF.4 3.1.7 / 3.3.7 / 3.3.8 / 3.4.7 COMPLETE
Absenteeism DPEF.5 3.4.8 COMPLETE
c) Health and safety
Health and safety conditions in the workplace DPEF.6 3.4 COMPLETE
Workplace accidents, particularly their frequency and 
severity, along with occupational illnesses
DPEF.7 3.4.8
COMPLETE
22 The reporting status indicates a response by Stellantis to each of the 45 DPEF topics and the coverage rate for this response among the relevant subsidiaries.
307


Page 308:
Expected
Codification of the 
DPEF indicators
CSR Report  
(relevant sections)
Degree of response22 
Complete/Partial/Omission
d) Industrial relations
Organization of social dialogue, especially procedures for 
informing, consulting and negotiating with personnel
DPEF.8 3.1 COMPLETE
Summary of labor agreements, in particular relating to 
workplace health and safety
DPEF.9 3.1.1 / 3.2.7 / 3.3.5 / 3.3.7 COMPLETE
e) Training
Training policies put into practice, specifically those 
relating to environmental protection expected
DPEF.10 Introduction 2 / 3.2.5 / 3.2.6 / 3.2.7 / 3.3.7 / 3.4.7 / 4.3.7 / 5.1.7 / 6.3.3.2 / 7.1.7.1 COMPLETE
Total number of hours of training DPEF.11 3.2.8 COMPLETE
f) Non-discrimination
Measures taken to ensure gender equality DPEF.12 1.1.4 / 3.3.5 / 3.3.6 / 3.3.7 / 3.3.8 COMPLETE
Measures taken to ensure the hiring and integration of 
persons with disabilities
DPEF.13 3.3.5 / 3.3.6 / 3.3.7 / 3.3.8 COMPLETE
Anti-discrimination policy DPEF.14  3.3.5 / 5.1.5.1 / 7.1.5 / 7.2.1.3 / 7.2.2.5 COMPLETE
22 The reporting status indicates a response by Stellantis to each of the 45 DPEF topics and the coverage rate for this response among the relevant subsidiaries.
308


Page 309:
8.3 AUDITOR’S REPORT GRI 2-5
The Company decided to obtain an independent auditor’s opinion on the truthfulness of the selection 
of the consolidated social, societal and environmental information presented in the CSR Report. 
The firm Grant Thornton was appointed as independent auditor. The conclusions of this report are 
presented below.
Assurance Report Of The Independent Auditors
To the Shareholders,
Our conclusions
We have examined a selection of KPIs included in the accompanying Corporate Social Responsibility 
report (hereafter: CSR report) for the year 2023 of Stellantis N.V based in Amsterdam. Our examination 
is aimed to obtain limited assurance for a selection of KPIs (hereafter: the limited assurance KPIs), and 
reasonable assurance for an additional selection of KPIs (hereafter: reasonable assurance  KPIs) (see 
the appendix).
Our limited assurance conclusion
Based on our review nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the limited 
assurance KPIs are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria as 
included in the section “reporting criteria” of this assurance report.
Our reasonable assurance opinion
In our opinion the reasonable assurance KPIs are prepared, in all materials aspects, in accordance with 
the reporting criteria as included in the section “reporting criteria” of this assurance report.
Other information
Based on our examination, we conclude that the other information included in the CSR Report is 
consistent with the selected KPIs. 
Basis for our conclusions
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3000A 
"Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information".  
Our responsibilities under this standard are further described in the section ‘Our responsibilities for the 
examination of the limited assurance KPIs and reasonable assurance KPIs of our report.
We are independent of Stellantis N.V in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid 
van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a 
regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in The 
Netherlands. Furthermore we have complied with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels 
accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch code of ethics). 
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our conclusions.
Reporting criteria
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the selected KPIs are the Sustainability Reporting 
Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the applied supplemental reporting criteria 
as disclosed in section ‘8 Appendix of the CSR report ‘Methodology and scope of Non-Financial 
Information’.
The absence of an established practice on which to draw, to evaluate and measure non-financial 
information allows for different, but acceptable, measurement techniques and can affect comparability 
between entities and over time.
Consequently, the sustainability information needs to be read and understood together with the 
reporting criteria used. 
Materiality
Based on our professional judgement we determined materiality levels for the selected KPIs. When 
evaluating our materiality levels, we have taken into account quantitative and qualitative considerations 
as well as the relevance of information for both stakeholders and the company.
Scope of the group examination
Stellantis N.V is the parent company of a group of entities. The selected KPIs incorporate the 
consolidated information of this group of entities to the extent as specified in ‘8 Appendix’ in the CSR 
report.
Our examination consisted of both assurance procedures at corporate (consolidated) level and at site 
level. Our selection of sites in scope of our review procedures and our audit procedures are primarily 
based on the site’s individual contribution to the consolidated information. Furthermore, our selection 
of sites considered relevant reporting risks and geographical spread.
By performing our review procedures and audit procedures at site level, together with additional 
review procedures and audit procedures at corporate level, we have been able to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate assurance evidence about the group’s selected KPIs to provide a conclusion about the 
selected limited assurance KPIs and the selected reasonable assurance KPIs
It is not our responsibility to comment on:
 ■ the entity’s compliance with other applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
 ■ the compliance of products and services with the applicable regulations.
309


Page 310:
Responsibilities of the management board for the selected KPIs 
The management board is responsible for the preparation of reliable and adequate KPIs in accordance 
with the reporting criteria as included in the section ‘reporting criteria’, including the identification of 
stakeholders and the definition of material matters. 
The management board is also responsible for selecting and applying the reporting criteria and 
for determining that these reporting criteria are suitable for the legitimate information needs of 
stakeholders, taking into account applicable laws and regulations related to reporting. The choices made 
by the management board regarding the scope of the KPI’s and the reporting policy are summarized in 
section ‘8. Appendix’ of the CSR report. 
Furthermore, the management board is responsible for such internal control as it determines is 
necessary to enable the preparation of the  KPIs that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
Our responsibilities for the examination of the limited assurance KPIs and reasonable 
assurance KPIs
Our responsibility is to plan and perform our examination in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate assurance evidence for our conclusions.
Our examination performed to obtain limited assurance on the limited assurance KPIs differ in 
nature and timing and are less extent as compared to reasonable assurance engagements. The level 
of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is therefore substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. 
Our examination to obtain reasonable assurance on the reasonable assurance KPIs has been performed 
with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not have detected all material 
errors and fraud.
We apply the ‘Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitssystemen’ (NVKS, Regulations for Quality management 
systems) and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including documented 
policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and 
other relevant legal and regulatory requirements.
Our examination included among others:
 ■ Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant 
social themes and issues, and the characteristics of the Company;
 ■ Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used, their consistent application and related 
disclosures in the selected KPIs;
 ■ Obtaining an understanding of the reporting processes for the selected KPIs, including obtaining a 
general understanding of internal control relevant to our procedures;
 ■ Identifying areas of the selected KPIs with a higher risk of misleading or unbalanced information or 
material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Designing and performing further assurance procedures aimed at determining the plausibility of the 
selected KPIs responsive to this risk analysis. These procedures consisted amongst others of:
 ● Interviewing management and relevant staff at corporate and local level responsible for the 
sustainability strategy, policy and results;
 ● Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information for, carrying out internal 
control procedures on, and consolidating the data for the selected KPIs; 
 ● Determining the nature and extent of our procedures for the group components and locations. 
Based thereon we selected the components and locations to visit on site and virtually. The visits 
to the selected sites23 are aimed at, on a local level, validating source data and evaluating the 
design and implementation of internal controls and validation procedures. 
 ● Obtaining assurance information that the selected KPIs reconcile with underlying records of the 
company;
 ● Assessing relevant internal and external documentation; 
 ● Performing an analytical review of the data and trends in the information.
 ■ Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the selected KPIs;
 ■ Considering whether the selected KPIs as a whole, including the disclosures, reflects the purpose of 
the reporting criteria used.
26th March 2024
23 Industrial plants audited: Brazil (Porto Real); France (Carrières-sous-Poissy, Douvrin, Poissy, Sept-Fons, 
Valenciennes); India (Thiruvallur); Italy (Cassino Plant + Plastic unit, Teksid Carmagnola Aluminium Plant, Turin 
Mirafiori Assembly Plant); Mexico (Saltillo Engine Plant (North), Saltillo Engine Plant (South)); Poland (Teksid Iron 
Poland); Serbia (Kragujevac (only HR)); Slovakia (Trnava); Spain (Madrid (only environment), Vigo, Zaragoza); United 
Kingdom (Ellesmere Port); USA (Detroit Assembly Complex Mack, Sterling Stamping Plant).
Grant Thornton France
Vincent Frambourt
Partner
Grant Thornton Netherlands
Andre Heuvelman
Partner of Grant Thornton Accountants en 
Adviseurs B.V.
310


Page 311:
APPENDIX
CSR issues List of selected  KPIs Limited Assurance List of additional selected  KPIs Reasonable Assurance
1. Vehicle CO2 emissions  ▪ Sales-weighted average passenger fleet fuel economy, by region and CO2 
emissions (Tank-to-Wheel)
 ▪ Percentage of nameplates with LEV (focus on US and EU)
 ▪ Share of LEV in global sales mix (focus on US and EU)
2. Industrial and sites carbon footprint /  ▪ Total energy consumption (by source)
 ▪ Absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (tons of CO2 eq)
 ▪ Share of decarbonized and renewable electricity used (%)
3. Carbon footprint of the supply chain  ▪ Suppliers average environmental performance measured by third party 
(Ecovadis)
 ▪ GHG emissions per type of shipment (sscope: world, excluding JVs)
 ▪ Share of Annual Purchased Value from suppliers with CO2 reduction targets 
compliant with the Paris Climate Agreement
 ▪ Percentage of Annual Purchase Value that participated in the CDP Supply 
Chain Program
 ▪ GHG emissions reduction (%) (absolute GWP in scope 1,2,3 1,5°C scenario - 
Global)
4. Management of Company transformation and 
social dialogue
 ▪ Total number of Stellantis hired employees
 ▪ Turnover (%) (excluding leavers under mutual separation programs)
 ▪ Percentage of countries covered by collective agreements
 ▪ Stellantis workforce headcount
5. Attracting and Developing new Talents  ▪ Number of employees covered by long-term incentives
 ▪ Percentage of technical engineering reskill/upskilling
 ▪ Total number of training hours
 ▪ Access rate to training (No of employees trained/total number of employees)
6. Diversity and Equal opportunity  ▪ Percentage of women in leadership position (L1-L2-L3)  ▪ Workforce by gender
 ▪ Number of nationalities in total workforce
7. Health, safety and wellbeing in the workplace  ▪ Occupational illness frequency rate
 ▪ Number of hours of absence – breakdown by geographic area and type of 
benefits
 ▪ Number of serious injuries and fatalities (by geographic area, by 
employee categories)
 ▪ Lost-time injury frequency rate
 ▪ Severity rate
8. Development of new mobility solutions /  ▪ Percentage of Low Emission Vehicles (below 50g CO2 per kilometer) infleeted 
during the year for car sharing / short & medium term rental / subscription / 
long term rental (lease)
9. Vehicle & service quality - Customer 
satisfaction
 ▪ 3 months in service repairs rate: percentage of reduction vs reference year 
2021
 ▪ Percentage of the Stellantis vehicle assembly plants and powertrain plants 
certified (e.g., ISO 9001 or IATF16949)
 ▪ Customer satisfaction: Net Promoter Scores (NPS) (New vehicle sales + after- 
sales, for base 100:2021)
10. Vehicle safety /  ▪ Number of recall campaigns
 ▪ Number of initial recall notices and number of vehicles concerned
311


Page 312:
CSR issues List of selected  KPIs Limited Assurance List of additional selected  KPIs Reasonable Assurance
11. Ethics in business and governance practices  ▪ Number of employees trained on Ethics policies and procedures o/w Code 
of Conduct, and relevant compliance topics
 ▪ Global budget for public affairs (including internal costs for political 
organizations, lobbyists or lobbying organizations and trade associations)
 ▪ World Most Ethical (WME) Company status with Ethisphere
 ▪ Number of days to provide a personalized first answer on reported concerns 
regarding potential violations of the Code of Conduct
 ▪ Board gender balance
12. Responsible management of personal 
information
/  ▪ Percentage of complaints raised by Supervisory Authorities for customer 
privacy/data protection infringements handled within 1 month
13. Responsible information to customer /  ▪ Number of convictions of non- compliance concerning product and service 
information and labelling or marketing communications
14. Wise use of materials in the vehicle life cycle  ▪ Availability of solutions to optimize High-Voltage Batteries lifespan and 
Enf-of-Life through Repair, Remanufacturing, Second-Life, Recycling
/
15. Vehicle impact on air quality /  ▪ Percentage of nameplates with ZEV offering (focus on US and EU)
 ▪ Share of ZEV in global sales mix (focus on US and EU)
16. Optimization of material cycles in 
manufacturing processes
 ▪ Percentage of plants with Zero Waste Sent to Landfill  ▪ Total waste generated from operation by disposal type
 ▪ Waste normalized/vehicle produced
 ▪ Percentage of waste recovered out of total waste generated
17. Control of industrial discharges and nuisances  ▪ Total industrial emissions of Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxidex (SO2) 
and Dust (Particulate Matter) in tons base on direct fuel consumption
 ▪ Total VOC emissions from paint shops (metric tons)
 ▪ VOC emissions normalized in g/m2 painted and kg/vehicle produced
 ▪ Total emissions of Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) (kg of CFC-11 
equivalent)
18. Sustainable water management in 
manufacturing
 ▪ Number of plants located in water stressed areas according to Aqueduct 
Risk Atlas
 ▪ Annual water withdrawal by source
 ▪ Total water withdrawn normalized in m3/vehicle produced
19. Protection of biodiversity  ▪ Number of plants located < 5 km from a nature protected area  ▪ Percentage of plants that have done a RENATU evaluation and implemented 
a biodiversity project
20. Responsible purchasing practices  ▪ Percentage of Annual Purchase Value (APV) purchased from Tier 1 
suppliers evaluated on CSR
 ▪ Average CSR scores of Stellantis Tier-1 suppliers assessed by independent 
third- party vs. average CSR score of all companies assessed by third party
 ▪ CSR performance of the Company’s suppliers assessed by the external 
service provider Ecovadis
21. Human rights in the supply chain /  ▪ Average Human Rights scores of Stellantis Tier-1 suppliers assessed by 
independent third party
 ▪ Number of assessed or audited suppliers for which corrective action plans 
have been developed for Human Rights issues
22. Philanthropic actions to support communities  ▪ Total number of philanthropic projects  ▪ Total monetary value of the company’s philanthropic contributions during 
the year
312


Page 313:
8.4 SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT
This document contains forward-looking statements. In particular, statements regarding future financial 
performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics, 
including revenues, industrial free cash flows, vehicle shipments, capital investments, research and 
development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking 
statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “could”, “should”, 
“intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “remain”, “on track”, “design”, “target”, “objective”, “goal”, 
“forecast”, “projection”, “outlook”, “prospects”, “plan”, or similar terms. Forward-looking statements 
are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on the Company’s current state of 
knowledge, future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature, subject to 
inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may 
not occur or exist in the future and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on them.
Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a 
variety of factors, including: the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain 
vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets, general economic environment 
and changes in demand for automotive products, which is subject to cyclicality; the Company’s 
ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to 
full electrification; the Company’s ability to offer innovative, attractive products and to develop, 
manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification, connectivity 
and autonomous-driving characteristics; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries 
with competitive performance, cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully 
launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction, disruption or security 
breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in 
the Company’s vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes, credit risk and other market 
risks; increases in costs, disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials, parts, components and 
systems used in the Company’s vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in 
trade policy, the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry, 
the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental 
economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of 
increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse 
gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims, lawsuits, governmental investigations and other 
contingencies, including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims, investigations 
and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental, health 
and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry, which may increase due to 
consolidation and new entrants; the Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced management 
and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension 
plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and 
retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; the 
Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plan; the Company’s ability to realize 
anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political, social and 
economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees, dealers 
and suppliers; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes 
or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.
Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document 
and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. 
Further information concerning the Company and its businesses, including factors that could materially 
affect the Company’s financial results, is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM. 
313


Page 314:
8.5 ABOUT THIS REPORT
Name of the organization, ownership and legal form GRI 2-1
Stellantis N.V.
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Netherlands Chamber of Commerce: 60372958 
3.5.6.1 Location of Headquarters GRI 2-1
Taurusavenue 1, 
2132LS Hoofddorp
The Netherlands
Measured by operational indicators, Stellantis sustainable development performance is the subject of 
annual reporting presented in this report.
Reported period  GRI 2-3
The information and indicators in this report concern the year 2023 and were closed at the end of the 
period on December 31, 2023 (except for any information or indicators listed in the methodological 
note).
Stellantis reports with a relevant history on the changes or the calculation method associated with 
each indicator. The history will be for three years whenever possible. Whenever FY 2023 metrics are 
not available at the date of publication of the FY 2023 CSR Report, they will be qualified as Not Available 
(NA) in charts and tables. For metrics partially available at the date of FY 2023 CSR Report publication, 
totals will be disclosed if unavailable metrics represented less than 5% in FY 2022.
Reporting Cycle GRI 2-3
The CSR report is published annually.
Date of publication GRI 2-3
This CSR Report, covering financial year 2023, was published on April 5 2024.
Assurance  GRI 2-5
This Report has been submitted to assurance by an external independent audit firm, Grant Thornton, 
a simplified joint stock company of chartered accountancy and statutory, in accordance with the 
criteria established in the International Standard on Assurance Engagement ISAE 3000 (Revised) - 
Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000 
Revised), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board for limited assurance 
engagements.
Grant Thornton is officially authorized to conduct ISAE 3000 assurance audits. The statement of 
assurance describing the activities carried out and the expression of opinion is provided section 8.3.
Contact  GRI 2-3
Your opinion is important to us. For questions and comments regarding the report write to:
Stellantis NV, 
Taurusavenue 1, 
2132LS Hoofddorp
The Netherlands
314


