Page 1:
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 TenneT Holding B.V.
  Integrated 
Annual Report 2018
TenneT Holding B.V.

Page 2:
Content
*Governance and risk management 72
Corporate governance 72
Risk management and internal control 74
Risk management and internal control framework 77
Compliance and integrity 78
Risk appetite 79
Key risks 80
Financial Statements 83
Consolidated financial statements 84
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 91
Company financial statements 140
Notes to the company financial statements 142
Other information 146
Profit appropriation 146
Independent auditor’s report 147
Assurance report of the independent auditor 153
About this report 156
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures 160
Summary of stakeholder activities 161
Summary of stakeholder activities 162
SWOT Analysis 164
Company adresses 165
Key figures 166
Glossary 167
At a glance 2018 6
Letter from the CEO 8
*About TenneT 11
Profile 11
Our mission, strategy and value creation 13
Our stakeholders 17
Materiality analysis 18
*Our performance in 2018 20
Strategic performance 20
Secure supply 21
Lead North West European integration 26
Innovate business 31
Engage stakeholders 38
Operational performance 42
Financial 42
Non-financial 46
Statements of the Executive Board 55
Our Executive Board 56
Supervisory Board report 58
Remuneration policy 64
Board remuneration 66
Our Supervisory Board 70
* These sections reflect the director’s report as mentioned  
by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V. 3


Page 3:
Looking back at  
20 years of achievement  
in the European  
electricity market
TenneT is formed 
when the Dutch 
government formally 
appointed us to 
operate the 
country’s national 
high-voltage  
trans  mission grid. TenneT takes 
over the regional 
network operator 
B.V. Transportnet 
Zuid-Holland (TZH).
TenneT starts to bring Europe’s electricity markets together, 
as cross-border electricity trading and pricing begins for 
France, Belgium and the Netherlands.
TenneT takes over 
management of the 110 kV 
and 150 kV grids from 
the Dutch regional grid 
operators. 
‘NorNed’ commissioned  
as world’s longest HVDC 
subsea cable (700MW), 
linking Norwegian and  
Dutch markets.
2003
2008
2006
1998
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
4
  

Page 4:
2009
BritNed, a 
1,000MW 
subsea electricity 
link between 
Great Britain and 
the Netherlands 
is commissioned. 
BritNed is a  
joint venture 
between TenneT 
and National  
Grid UK.
Opening of the first  
AC grid connection  
for the offshore wind  
farm Alpha Ventus.
2011
TenneT acquires the 
German high-voltage grid 
from E.ON, making TenneT 
Europe’s first cross-border 
TSO. Electricity market 
integration extends to 
central-western Europe, 
including Germany and 
Austria. 
BorWin1, the first DC 
offshore platform (400MW) 
goes into operation.
TenneT is legally incorporated as an 
offshore electricity grid operator in 
the Netherlands. We conclude our 
first contract for subsea cables linking 
the offshore grid. We also introduce 
our vision for a North Sea Wind Power 
Hub, with the potential to serve wind 
power to tens of million Europeans 
by 2050. 
DolWin2, the most powerful grid 
connection for offshore wind farms, 
goes into operation (900MW). 
With 10 out of 13 planned grid connections 
in operation, TenneT provides more than 
5,300MW transmission capacity in the 
German North Sea.
 
We also opened an office in Brussels.
Electricity market 
integration  
extends to north-
west Europe, 
including Great 
Britain, the Nordics 
and the Baltics, and 
south-west Europe, 
coupling the Iberian 
peninsula. 
TenneT opens 
an office in Berlin.
2010
2017
2016
The 57-km 380 kV 
connection linking 
Doetinchem in the 
Netherlands with 
Wesel in Germany 
was commissioned, 
allowing further 
development of the 
north-west European 
electricity market.
2018
2014
The Randstad 380kV 
Zuidring goes into 
operation, supplying 
electricity to the densest 
urban area in the 
Netherlands. The 
project sees 
unprecedented lengths 
of high-voltage cables 
laid underground.
2013
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
5
  

Page 5:
At a glance 2018
3,409 
Number of employees
99.9988%
Grid availability
738 
Stakeholder meetings (public events)
New  
CEO
At a glance 2018

Page 6:
14
Interconnectors
2.3
Investments (EUR billion)
DolWin3 
into operation
738 
20 years 
TenneT
Outage 
Tilburg
Opening DW
TenneT2.36
Lost Time 
Incident Frequency
 

Page 7:
Manon van Beek 
CEO and Chair of the Excecutive Board
In 2018, TenneT celebrated 20 years of powering society. As we proudly reflect on two 
decades of achievements in the European electricity market, we must also look 
forward. Past performance is no guarantee for the future. The rapidly evolving energy 
system, driven by political, societal and technological changes, challenges us to think 
even further ahead with ever-more innovative solutions in order to maintain a secure 
and stable electricity supply for all. It is TenneT’s core task to design, build, maintain 
and operate a reliable grid in the Netherlands and Germany, serving as a backbone 
infrastructure for the energy transition. 
We anticipate - where possible - on government energy 
policy, such the Dutch Energy Agreement and the recently 
announced Coal Exit in Germany, and actively engage in 
the dialogues on this. With our cross-border base, we make 
every effort to contribute to the development of a North 
West European grid. Due to the increasing volumes of 
renewable energy we must innovate and optimise the use of 
the existing grid and look beyond our traditional boundaries 
of green electrons - like hydrogen, gas and storage.  
At the same time, we must not forget that it is in society’s 
common interest that the energy transition and the 
CO2 reduction come at an affordable price, without 
the security of supply being jeopardized. This requires 
cooperation and partnerships at all levels, with all 
stakeholders.
I am excited to take over the baton and lead TenneT, as we 
begin the next phase in our journey as one of the drivers, or 
even accelerators, of the energy transition.
Handover 20 years TenneT
Thank you to everyone who has welcomed me as the new 
CEO of TenneT – a position I was thrilled to officially assume 
as of 1 September 2018. I have big shoes to fill, taking over 
from Mel Kroon who served TenneT with such vision and 
skill and dedication for 16 years. Under Mel’s leadership, 
TenneT has developed into one of the leading transmission 
system operators (TSOs) in Europe.
I am keen to build on his heritage and add my 25 years of 
experience and expertise in the European energy and digital 
technology sectors. I look forward to collaborating with my 
new colleagues, our most valuable assets.
Keeping the lights on, now and in the future
The substantial expansion and reinforcement of our grid 
demonstrates our crucial role in driving the energy transition. 
Our commitment goes beyond what the law or the regulator 
expects; we are intrinsically driven to secure the supply 
Letter from the CEO
“ Balancing supply and demand 
with the unpredictable in-flows 
of wind and solar power 
requires us to make smarter 
use of our grid, making us 
more agile and proactive.”
Letter from the CEO
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
8
Letter from the CEO 

Page 8:
of electricity, 24/7, to end users in an affordable way. We 
embrace this responsibility, as we see the energy transition 
and the ongoing electrification of society as essential steps 
in building a more sustainable future for all. 
The Dutch Agreement on Energy for Sustainable Growth 
(Energieakkoord voor duurzame groei) stipulates that 
renewable energy sources must account for at least 16% 
of the overall Dutch electricity supply by 2023. It also states 
that by 2023, 3.5 gigawatt of new wind farm capacity 
must have been realised in three offshore zones: Borssele, 
Holland Coast (south) and Holland Coast (north). TenneT 
has already started to prepare innovative and cost-effective 
solutions to connect these new offshore sites to the 
grid. We welcomed the opportunity to contribute to the 
draft Energy Agreement, which represents a substantial, 
integrated package aimed at reducing CO2 emissions in the 
Netherlands by at least 49% in 2030.
Equally ambitious, the German government has committed 
itself through the Energiewende, to boost the efficiency, 
modernisation, innovation and digitisation of the energy 
supply. The new German government has raised the bar 
for the share of renewables, aiming for 65% in 2030, as 
well as decommissioning all nuclear and coal-fired power 
plants. It fully recognises the challenges of transporting wind 
energy, primarily generated in the north of Germany, over 
large distances to the end-users in the south. Crucial for a 
successful Energiewende therefore, is the expansion of both 
the cross-regional grids and the local distribution grids. 
In 2018, we continued to execute essential new 
infrastructure projects, to ensure a future-proof security 
of electricity supply. We opened the new 57 km 380 kV 
Doetinchem-Wesel interconnector, linking the Netherlands 
with Germany, allowing further exchange of electricity in 
the North West European market. In June, the support-
structure for the Borssele Alpha transformer station was 
successfully transported and anchored to the sea-bed, 
laying a first building block in the development of the Dutch 
offshore grid. In November we celebrated the ‘landing’ of 
the COBRA-cable, a 325 km overseas interconnector that 
will be operational in 2019 and will connect the Dutch and 
Danish electricity grids.
Green electricity comes at a cost
To achieve vital new connections, and bring green electricity 
into homes and businesses across Germany and the 
Netherlands, we must raise financing for our extensive 
investment portfolio. During the year the European 
Investment Bank (EIB) invested in a EUR 100 million 
hybrid bond, issued by TenneT to support the construction 
of the NordLink Direct Current interconnector between 
Norway and Germany. In June, TenneT issued another 
EUR 1.25 billion through its Green Bond programme, 
underlining its status as the largest corporate issuer of green 
debt in the Netherlands. 
In addition, we are in a constructive dialogue with the Dutch 
Ministry of Finance, our shareholder, on our future equity 
capital needs and its role as shareholder. As our debt will 
increase, we need to maintain a balanced equity-debt ratio, 
in order to secure our current credit ratings.
Setbacks and dilemmas to address
In realising our ambitious project portfolio, we also faced a 
number of setbacks. In October 2018 we had to terminate 
the Wintrack II contract with consortium company 
Heijmans Europoles B.V. (HEP), involving and delaying the 
construction of new high-voltage pylons. A new tender was 
started in January 2019, with the aim to start construction 
of the project in the first quarter of 2020.
As well as building for the future, we must also maintain our 
existing grid to ensure continuing high reliability. 
We had to deal with several outages during 2018, including 
the August power failure in the Tilburg area in the south 
of the Netherlands, when over 100,000 households and 
several hundred companies could not be provided with 
electricity for at least 22 minutes and some up to one hour. 
We regret these outages and make every effort to learn from 
these experiences.
The most pressing energy-related dilemma at the moment 
for society and therefore for TenneT concerns the preferred 
path of the energy transition. Due to the long-term nature 
of our business, we look as far ahead as 2035 or even 
2050. At present, there is no clear answer to the question 
of how electricity supply can be guaranteed 365 days 
a year with a system that is largely based on renewable 
energy sources, when there is hardly any sun or wind for 
several weeks, which often occurs in the winter. To address 
these situations we started a series of innovative (pilot) 
projects, such as crowd sourcing via blockchain technology 
(with IBM, VandenBron, Engie, Sonnen, Escozon, Energie 
Samen, Scholt Energie and Enervalis); power- to- gas 
(e.g. hydrogen production facility with Gasunie Deutschland 
and Thyssengas) and a joint initiative in Germany aimed at 
connecting offshore wind energy to hydrogen production 
(with Shell and Siemens).
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
9
Letter from the CEO 

Page 9:
Other dilemmas we face relate to the social acceptance of 
new infrastructure. Not only regarding its physical presence 
in the built environment, but also its affordability.
In fact, most of our dilemmas are ‘trilemmas’: our 
continuous challenge to balance security of supply, 
affordability and sustainability. These also form the pillars of 
Dutch and German energy policy.
Make smarter use of the grid(s)
The challenges facing TenneT require us to be more 
innovative than ever before. Pioneering research in areas 
such a green hydrogen and solutions based on block chain 
technology have the potential to help society achieve its 
ambitious carbon targets, but there is more we need to 
do in the shorter term. Balancing supply and demand with 
the unpredictable in-flows of wind and solar power requires 
us to make smarter use of our grid, making us more agile 
and proactive.
In this way, we are becoming a more digital, data-driven 
company, shifting us into a new area of expertise that may 
be just as essential to our future as our physical power grid, 
onshore and offshore. In the future, we may be able to use 
the reserve capacity of our grid to a much greater extent. 
We trust that the compensation we receive from our 
regulators will not be restricted to building and maintaining 
assets, but will also provide us with incentives to develop 
innovative solutions for a smarter grid.
Working together on TenneT’s future 
Our people remain our most valuable assets. I am very 
proud of our exceptionally high levels of employee 
engagement, running at 80% in 2017, and of the results 
of the 2018 MT500 survey, which ranked TenneT among 
the top 25 most admired companies in the Netherlands. In 
this survey, we achieved second place in the utility sector, 
and received maximum scores in terms of employment and 
excellent execution.
Our status as one of Europe’s leading TSOs at the cutting 
edge of the energy transition is reflected in our new German 
headquarters in Bayreuth, which opened in September. This 
state-of-the-art campus reflects our desire to be one of the 
most innovative employers in northern Bavaria, attracting 
the best talent to achieve our ambitious goals.
As we embark on designing and building the grid of the 
future, developing the system operations function of the 
future with new technologies and across geographies and 
accelerating the energy transition, our top-management 
structure is changing. We started with a larger statutory 
Executive Board with a CEO, CFO and double COO 
function with strong footholds in both countries. As a next 
step we will be working to further optimise the organisation, 
where end-to-end processes and integrated thinking are 
central and in which our people can deploy all their talents.
Looking ahead
As our current strategy is nearing the end of its 5-year 
term, we conducted a strategic reorientation in the fourth 
quarter of 2018 and concluded that our strategy needs to 
be adapted in order to manage our fast growth and cope 
with the rapid changes that the energy transition brings. 
The recalibration our current strategy, focuses on four 
pillars: maintain security of supply, today and tomorrow; 
accelerate the energy transition; energize our people 
and our organisation and safeguard our financial health. 
During this year, we will design – and start executing – a 
roadmap for these priorities for the medium term and long 
term. One thing is clear: collaboration at all levels and with 
multiple stakeholders will be key. 
A rising tide lifts all boats
When it comes to make the energy transition happen, 
we are all in the same boat. As TenneT, we will hopefully 
‘rock the boat’ sometimes with new ideas, because we 
want to push the limits of our current thinking. The ocean 
or even the North Sea is big and our TenneT boat is small 
by comparison. The boat might be safer anchored in the 
harbour, but that is not the purpose of boats. I call upon all 
around us to find the inspiration and courage to innovate 
together and make a great journey.
Manon van Beek
CEO and Chair of the Executive Board
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
10
Letter from the CEO 

Page 10:
Profile
TenneT is Europe’s first cross-border grid operator. We operate, maintain and expand 
the high-voltage grid in the Netherlands and a large part of Germany. We are 
committed to providing a secure and reliable supply of electricity, today and in the 
future, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. We transport electricity over approximately 
23,000 km of high-voltage lines, from wherever and whatever source it is produced, 
to more than 41 million end-users while keeping electricity supply and demand 
in balance at all times.
Responsible, engaged and connected
We transport electricity across borders, connecting 
countries and ensuring the power supply on which we all 
depend. As we do this we take responsibility toward the 
world around us. We work to meet our stakeholders’ needs 
by being responsible, engaged and connected.
The vast majority of our activities are regulated by the 
ACM in the Netherlands and the Bundesnetzagentur 
(BNetzA) in Germany. We have three regulated tasks: 
(1) the transportation of electricity, (2) system services for 
maintaining the energy balance, and (3) market facilitation.
Transporting electricity
The high-voltage grid is the backbone of the electricity 
supply system. It is used for the transport of large quantities 
of electricity over long distances. Electricity generated at 
sea, for instance, is transported via subsea cables and 
then connected to the high-voltage grid. We are a key 
player in the electricity supply chain. This chain consists 
of grid operators and producers of electricity from both 
conventional and fast-growing renewable energy sources 
that feed in to our grid as well as large users of electricity.
Because wind farms and power plants are often far away 
from where electricity is used, we need to carry it over large 
distances without incurring major losses on the way. To 
achieve this, we transport electricity at very high voltages: 
110 kV and higher in the Netherlands and 220 kV and 
higher in Germany.
Our high-voltage grid is connected to regional and local 
distribution grids managed by a large number of other grid 
companies, so-called distribution system operators (DSOs). 
It is also connected to large industrial customers and 
prosumers, i.e. energy consumers simultaneously acting as 
producers. Maps of our onshore and offshore high voltage 
grid can be found on our corporate website.
About TenneT
 
About TenneT
Profile
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
11
About TenneT |  Profile

Page 11:
Energy transition
Although balancing supply and demand of electricity is far 
more complex than it used to be, our track record is solid 
with our grid being available 99.9988% of the time during 
2018. While global electricity demand keeps increasing, so 
too does the supply from sustainable and clean sources 
– such as wind, solar, bio mass and tidal. These are often 
located in remote areas, such as on the North Sea. Bringing 
it onshore and then transporting it over vast distances 
across land is a challenging task. This switch from traditional 
to renewable energy sources – often called the ‘energy 
transition’ – is currently the biggest challenge faced by the 
energy sector in general and grid operators in particular.
Maintaining the balance between supply 
and demand
As electricity is fed into the grid, we need to carefully 
balance the electricity supply with demand. Since 
electricity cannot be stored in large quantities, continuous 
adjustment of supply and demand is needed to ensure 
security of supply. To do this, we have control centres in 
the Netherlands and in Germany, where supply and demand 
are monitored and balanced 24 hours a day, seven days 
a week.
Market facilitation
Electricity recognises no geographical borders, and we 
believe North West Europe is better served by an integrated 
electricity market. As such, we have extensively connected 
our electricity grid with the countries around us. In doing so, 
we help establish a single market that guarantees a reliable 
electricity supply at a fair price.
Non-regulated activities
In addition to our core tasks, we are involved in a limited 
number of so-called non-regulated activities. These either 
help to ensure that the energy market operates smoothly 
and efficiently, or are ancillary to our regulated activities by 
making better use of existing assets. A full overview of our 
group structure can be found on our corporate website.
Regulators
(Extra) High-
voltage grid
Generation
Consumption
In-feed
Large
industries
Export
Consumers/
prosumers
Power
plants
Import
Renewables
TenneT in the supply chain
Transmission/
distribution
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
12
About TenneT |  Profile

Page 12:
Our mission, strategy and value creation
As a grid operator, we have an essential role and a major responsibility. We are driven 
by our desire to ensure that all of the Netherlands and a large part of Germany have a 
reliable, sustainable, secure and affordable electricity supply. This is part of our mission.
Security of supply
Security of supply is our biggest concern. We consider it 
is more reliable for our grid to be linked to the North West 
European (NWE) network, than having a stand-alone grid. 
Encouraging this integration of the European market, and 
facilitating its evolution, is a core part of our vision. This is 
particularly important as more and more renewable energy 
flows into the grid. It makes the market more complicated 
to manage and design, requiring more innovation and 
cross-border collaboration.
More detailed information on our mission and vision can 
be found on our corporate website.
Strategy
To succeed in our mission, we developed a strategy which 
runs until 2020. This is also the strategy we will report 
on in this Annual Report. At the time of publication, we 
are working a recalibration of our current strategy for the 
coming years. Our business has reached a point where 
we need to pivot and embark on a new dimension of 
development and innovation. We arrive at this juncture in 
our 20th year – an ideal moment to take stock, re-energise 
and challenge ourselves to scale new heights. In the Annual 
Report 2019 we will go into more detail on what this will 
entail for TenneT.
Our overarching objective in 2018 is to deliver value for 
our stakeholders and we aim to realise this through four 
strategic goals:
Engage stakeholdersSecure supply Lead NWE integration Innovate business
Strategic goals
Engaging
with our stakeholders
at all levels
Securing
a reliable supply
of electricity and
facilitating the integration 
of sustainable 
energy sources
Leading
the development
of an integrated and
sustainable NWE
electricity market
Innovating
and adapting our 
business for the future
 
Our mission, strategy and value creation
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
13
About TenneT | Our mission, strategy and value creation

Page 13:
This report is structured following these strategic goals. To 
help us realise these goals and fulfil our mission, we have 
set seven strategic priorities.
Enhance the flexibility and resilience of our 
transmission grid to ensure security of supply 
To manage the rapid rise of renewable energy sources, 
improve our ability to balance power, ensure continuous 
voltage control and relieve grid congestion, we apply 
market-based solutions that improve supply and demand 
flexibility. We will also use software and possibly hardware 
solutions, such as developing storage technology.
Advance the use of data and analytics 
To gain insight into the renewables feeding into the grid and 
improve our forecasting to ensure security of supply, we 
are collecting and enriching electricity and electricity-related 
data, which will also help us drive market integration.
Drive integration of the NWE electricity market 
We work closely with other TSOs on various topics, 
including market design, market coupling and regional 
security centres, to drive the further integration of the NWE 
electricity market.
Anticipate and address what society wants and needs 
through dialogue and innovation 
We actively engage with society and respond to society’s 
needs and concerns with innovative developments such as 
transmitting electricity underground and dynamic line rating.
Maintain access to capital markets and equity capital 
The size of our investment programme requires ongoing 
financing and, given the timing and regulatory uncertainties, 
it also requires flexible access to equity.
Pursue operational excellence 
We optimise the efficiency of our capital expenditures 
(capex) and operational expenditures (opex) through smart 
investment solutions and keeping operating costs low.
Pursue organisational excellence 
We do this by creating a performance culture, organisational 
flexibility and best-in-class safety performance.
To see whether we are on the right track with our strategy, 
we started with the project: ‘Make Strategy Work’. The 
goal of this project is to develop a KPI framework for our 
strategic priorities and strengthen the KPI governance 
and monitoring. This way we are able to make qualitative 
improvements and reduce undesired spending when it 
comes to less or non-effective strategic efforts. The KPI 
framework is still being developed and will be further 
implemented in 2019.
Value creation
TenneT plays a vital role in society. Our work makes a 
fundamental difference to the people living and working 
in the areas we serve and involves a wide range of 
stakeholders. These include our shareholder, local 
communities, our employees, regulators, investors, NGOs, 
politicians, the media, customers, suppliers and other 
European TSOs.
Because we operate in a stakeholder arena with many 
different, sometimes conflicting, interests at play, it is 
important to maintain a relationship with stakeholder 
groups and see where and how we can deliver value. 
Creating acceptance and understanding for what we do 
within the highly complex and relevant energy sector is 
therefore important to us. We need to properly understand 
each party’s expectations and be able to update them on 
our activities, inform them of our plans and address their 
concerns as best and as early as we can. As our range 
of stakeholders is very diverse, we need to consider each 
group’s questions, concerns and needs separately. This 
diversity requires a proactive and coordinated approach to 
stakeholder management and communication – which we 
take seriously.
Our culture plays an important role in our activities. As such, 
we strive to hold ourselves to the values of quality and 
integrity. 
Quality requires the highest standards of safety in 
everything we do.
Integrity means being open, honest and respectful in 
the way we serve society, particularly local communities, 
partners and employees.
The TenneT brand is built on our brand values, a 
commitment to be responsible, engaged and connected. 
This is our promise to the outside world, describing how we 
serve our stakeholders and how we want them to see us.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
14
About TenneT | Our mission, strategy and value creation

Page 14:
Measuring and monitoring
To know if we are on the right track and whether we should 
continue or maybe change the way we work, we measure 
and monitor our performance, and the perception thereof, 
on a regular basis. We test opinions and sentiments 
by conducting stakeholder satisfaction surveys – with 
employees and customers – and we also monitor and 
analyse our media exposure, and make a real-time analysis 
of social media.
Value creation model
Our stakeholders play a central role in our long-term value 
creation. The interactive value creation model summarises 
the input we use and the added value we create for our 
stakeholders through our key activities. Furthermore, all the 
elements in our interactive value creation model are linked to 
the respective sections of this report which provide further 
details on each element.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
15
About TenneT | Our mission, strategy and value creation

Page 15:
INPUTS
OUTCOMES
 
 
 
 Leading
TSO
innovation
Engaged
stakeholders
Strong
ﬁnancial
performance
Committed
people and
sustainable
planet
Integrated
NWE electricity
market
Safe and 
reliable grid
availability
Knowledge 
institutionsCapitalLaws and regulationPeopleAssets
Vision
& Mission
3 key tasks
Deliver stakeholder value
Transmission services
by transporting electricity
through a reliable grid
Facilitating the energy market 
by establishing a single market that guarantees 
a reliable electricity supply
System services
by maintaining the balance 
between supply and demand
Performance
& Results
Risks and
opportunities
Strategy
Outlook
Governance
Strategic Operational
2
31
Value creation model
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
16
About TenneT | Our mission, strategy and value creation

Page 16:
Our stakeholders
Providing a sustainable and secure supply of electricity to 
society is about more than volts, power lines and turbines. 
It’s also about having a dialogue and doing the right thing. 
We define our stakeholders as those people or groups 
who are affected by our actions and who have an effect 
on our organisation and services. Who our stakeholders 
are was defined in 2013 after an analysis based on 
interviews with senior management of TenneT in the 
Netherlands and Germany, as well as a validation among 
the stakeholders identified. Our relationship with them may 
be defined by law (shareholders, governments, political 
parties and regulatory bodies), by internal or external 
cooperation (employees, suppliers, debt investors and 
rating agencies) or by the nature of the services we provide 
(customers, the media, NGO’s, local communities, and 
other European TSOs).
Engagement with our stakeholders
 Media
• Press releases, press events 
 and public performances 
• Frequent contact 
 with journalists 
• Media monitoring 
 and analysis 
• Social media 
   
 Customers
• Customer events 
• Customer committees
• Market review reports 
• Meetings with project partners   
 (e.g. DSOs, suppliers, industry   
 partners)
• Pilots on e.g. improvement   
 of RES forecasting and   
 integration of small-scale ﬂexible  
 assets in the congestion 
 management processes
 
 Debt investors and 
 rating agencies
• Roadshow and meetings  
 with ﬁnancial investors  
• Regular contact with credit  
 rating and sustainable 
 rating agencies
• Yearly meeting with all  
 relationship banks  
 
 Local communities
• Quantitative and qualitative research
• Local community sessions on project   
 planning and safety during building phase 
• Information and experience centres 
• Student programmes 
• Project newsletters 
• Project websites and social media 
   Employees
• Training and education 
• Intranet and in-company magazine 
• Formal and informal employee events 
• Health and vitality programmes 
• (Female) Leadership programmes 
 and meetings 
• Good working environment 
• Continuous performance dialogues
• Market conform terms of 
 employment
• Frequent contact with Works Councils
• Diverse and inclusive organisation, 
 good work-life balance 
 NGOs
• Close cooperation with Greenpeace, Natuur & Milieu,   
 Stichting de NoordZee and Dutch, Danish, German,   
 British and Brussels based NGOs
• Extensive dialogue with national and local
 environmental NGOs on our projects
 - Cooperation agre ement with the Vlinderstichting to   
  have ecological measures implemented in projects 
  and operation
 - Renewed cooperation agreement with Stichting 
  de Noordzee and Natuur & Milieu
 - Cooperation agreement with Natuurmonumenten 
  on green, sustainable, maintenance
 Shar eholders 
 (corporate and pr ojects)
• Appr oval of investment proposals
• Quarterly meetings on past   
 performance and futur e capital  
 needs 
• Project updates 
• Financial and sustainability
 reporting      Other Eur opean TSOs
• Presidency of ENTSO-E
• Participation in consultative   
 committees in ENTSO-E
• Regular meetings with    
 other TSOs
• North Sea Wind Power    
 Hub consortium
• Active involvement in    
 various ENTSO-E and  
 CIGRE expert groups 
 Suppliers
• Competitive and fair tender and contract 
 negotiations
• Strict safety and high CSR standards
• Market consultations, meetings and negotiations
• Member of UN Global Compact (UNGC)
 and mandatory supplier code of conduct
• Meetings on Board level with suppliers
• Safety Culture Ladder (SCL) certiﬁcations
• Dialogue on performance and safety with 
 top suppliers
• Contractor Forum – Sustainability, Safety, 
 Innovation
 Governments, political parties 
 and regulatory bodies 
• Collaboration with the relevant   
 ministries
• Various bilateral and multilateral talks 
• Parliamentary face-to-face meetings
• Close cooperation with state and  
 provincial governments 
• Regular contact with regulatory bodies 
• TenneT Virtual Vision 
   
Lead NWE integration
Engage stakeholders Innovate business
Secure supply
 
Our stakeholders
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
17
About TenneT |  Our stakeholders

Page 17:
Materiality analysis
Engaging with our stakeholders and understanding what is in their hearts and minds is 
important to us in our day to day business. 
By understanding our stakeholders, we are able to make 
choices that have a sustainable benefit. Determining what is 
material to our stakeholders and focussing on our material 
impacts is important as it enables us to address these 
topics internally as well as report to our stakeholders on this 
externally.
The process starts with interacting with our stakeholders 
and having a common understanding of the road 
forward, so we can determine the right policies can be 
made and proper actions to be taken. Every year, we 
analyse what our stakeholders consider to be important and 
where we have a significant impact from a social, economic 
and environmental point of view. Last year we performed 
a survey to make sure this understanding is current. This 
year, in addition to the information gleaned from our regular 
stakeholder engagements, we updated our understanding 
based on a document review and media analysis. The 
outcome of this update has been validated internally by key 
senior decision makers. We aim to perform a survey again 
in 2019.
This analysis shows that the topics most material to our 
stakeholders remain unchanged from last year. These are; 
engaging with local communities; securing supply for 
our markets; societal financial impact and the North West 
European (NWE) electricity market are still key material 
topics as they were last year. Also safety in our working 
environment and investments in our grid (onshore and 
offshore) to realise the energy transition are still important 
topics. We have renamed the topic related to our investments 
‘Sustainable Grid Infrastructure’. This is a better reflection 
of our challenges related to the way we can make smarter 
use of our assets and in what way we can invest in our 
infrastructure to facilitate the energy transition.
Topics such as financing and financial performance remain 
evenly material, which seems logical considering our role and 
responsibility in the energy transition and the trade-off we as 
TenneT have between our regulatory task and leading the 
way to a more sustainable energy grid. The topics of security 
and cyber-security have become more material in this 
year’s analysis. In the previous year, only copper theft was 
included, but we have broadened and renamed this topic to 
include (cyber) security to better reflect our task of providing 
a safe and secure grid infrastructure in a better way.
Our policies, decision-making and our reporting are 
not limited by the topics that are both material to our 
stakeholders and can be significantly impacted by us. 
We also consider other topics in this report, including 
those deemed less significant or material enough to be of 
importance to act upon and to disclose them in this report 
or on our corporate website. 
We also report on how we contribute to the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals. With our core business 
activities we clearly contribute to SDG7 and SDG9, and 
in the execution of these activities we realise we have an 
impact on other SDGs. In the previous year, we asked 
our stakeholders to identify the SDGs where they felt 
TenneT could make most impact. In 2018, we have used 
this as an input for our CSR ambition plan 2025. And we 
have linked our ambitions and our contribution to specific 
SDGs. The relevant SDGs are shown below and we have 
included these in the table on the next page, where we have 
disclosed the connection between the SDGs, our materiality 
analysis, performance metrics and chapters in our report.
Materiality analysis
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
18
About TenneT |  Materiality analysis

Page 18:
SDG Subject Reference Related metrics
15 Non-financial - % of female employees, 
- % newly hires females at management level
- % of female EB and SB members
1 5 7 8 9 Secure supply
Financial
- Grid availability
- Financial metrics (Revenue, EBIT, ROIC)
6 18 Non-financial - LTIF
1 2 3 4 Secure supply
Innovate business
Financial
Non-financial
- Grid availability
- # of interconnectors
- Price convergence
- Import / export
- Annual investments
- # of stakeholder engagements
16 Non-financial - Reduction of virgin copper use
14 Non-financial - Gross / net carbon footprint
- SF6 leaked
12 17 Non-financial - Environmental incidents
- Liters of oil leaked
12 17 Non-financial - Environmental incidents
- Liters of oil leaked
5
8
6
9
21 22
15
11
12
7
16
13
17
19
14
10
23
Subject#
Relevance for stakeholders
Significance of TenneT's Economic, Environmental en Social impact
Economic
Environmental
Social
Materiality
1 2
3 4
18 20
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
Security of supply
Sustainable grid infrastructure
NWE Electricity Market
Community engagement
Societal financial impact
Safety
Digital technologies
Financial performance
Financing
Connecting citizens
Customer Care and Satisfaction
Environmental incidents
Regulatory framework
Carbon footprint
Diversity and equal opportunity
Procurement practices & Supplier Assessments
Biodiversity
Human Rights
Employee health & development
Tax transparency
Remuneration policy
(Cyber) security
Talent attraction
Low Medium High
Low Medium High
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
19
About TenneT |  Materiality analysis

Page 19:
Hoofdstuk titel
Strategic performance
Our performance in 2018 is split into our strategic performance and our operational 
performance. Our reporting related to our strategic performance is structured following 
our four strategic goals. Our reporting related to our operational performance includes 
our financial and non-financial results.
Secure supply 
At TenneT, our mission is clear: to keep the lights on. Making sure that more than 
41 million people across the Netherlands and Germany enjoy uninterrupted access to 
electricity is the foundation of our business. By investing in new assets, performing 
necessary maintenance and making sure that we are prepared in case of unforeseen 
events, we aim to ensure security of supply for society. 
In today’s always-on world, electricity users assume they 
have power available at their fingertips – never more than 
a power outlet away. 
We have worked hard to meet this expectation on every 
step of our 20-year journey. This is a complex task, which 
involves operating, maintaining, upgrading and expanding 
a network of approximately 23,000 km of high-voltage lines 
and cables.
In addition, we must transport electricity from a growing 
number of renewable energy sources (RES) that are, by 
nature, more difficult to predict and supply. If the wind 
doesn’t blow in one area or the sun doesn’t shine in 
another, the market must be ready to flexibly shift electricity 
from one source to another to meet demand.
Meeting these expectations is not only core to our mission 
to deliver security of supply, it also links to the wider 
ambition of SDG 7 – Affordable & Clean Energy. SDG 7 links 
to TenneT’s role in contributing to national and international 
climate agreements, as we want to facilitate access to 
affordable, reliable and modern energy services. 
This goal, which recognises a basic need of modern 
society, is central to TenneT’s role and we are committed to 
supporting it by operating our grid with maximum availability. 
Our work to build cross-border electricity transport capacity 
is an important part of this endeavour, growing our access 
to supply and thereby helping to lower electricity costs for 
end-users. To ensure that we are able to secure supply, 
we are continuously maintaining our grid and monitoring its 
availability. When an unexpected outage occurs, we report 
and investigate its nature and impact so we can resolve it as 
quickly as possible and learn from it to prevent – as far as 
possible – it re-occurring in the future. 
Our performance in 2018
Our performance in 2018
Strategic performance
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
20
Our performance in 2018 | Strategic performance

Page 20:
Results
Grid availability 2018 2017 2016
Onshore 1)
Grid availability 99.9988% 99.9986% 99.9999%
Interruptions 16 11 6
Energy not transported (MWh) 1,184 1,072 59
Offshore
Grid availability 94.50% 97.80% 92.00%
1  The 2018 figures are presented based on the former definition. When applying the updated definition, the grid availability remains 
unchanged (99.9988%), the number of interruptions will be 17 and the energy not transported will be 1,244 MWh.
Our onshore security of supply rose slightly to 99.9988% 
in 2018. Although we work hard to secure supply of energy 
at all times, several outages occurred that contributed to 
this result. These included a notable outage in August, in 
the Tilburg area in the south of the Netherlands, where at 
least 100,000 households and hundreds of companies lost 
power for at least 22 minutes and some up to one hour. 
Another incident occurred in April, in the Amsterdam area. 
The outage was resolved within a couple of hours, however 
due to knock-on effects at Schiphol, the main airport in 
the Netherlands, the impact was visible throughout the 
next day. Starting 2018, we have updated our definition of 
interruptions to create further alignment in the Netherlands 
and Germany. This now includes interruptions of supply, 
which is not only related to end-use consumers, but also 
to energy suppliers when they are unable to deliver energy 
to our grid. 
Expanding, modernising and future-proofing our grid helps 
us avoid outages as much as possible. TenneT assesses its 
investments each quarter, adjusting plans and actions as 
necessary. In 2018 we invested EUR 2.3 billion in expanding 
and maintaining our grid. We can face delays in this 
important process for example when approval processes 
take longer than expected or when late delivery of materials 
puts projects behind schedule. This occurred in 2018, when 
the summer drought made the water level in parts of the 
Rhine river too low for transport. We experienced a notable 
setback in October 2018 when we terminated the Wintrack 
II contract, involving the construction of new high-voltage 
pylons running on two tracks: Eemshaven-Vierverlaten 
and Borssele-Rilland. This contract was with the Dutch 
consortium Heijmans Europoles B.V. (HEP). 
Technical data 2018 2017 2016
Total circuit length (km) 22,862 22,857 22,637
Overhead lines (km) 18,725 18,974 18,830
Underground cabling (km) 4,137 3,883 3,724
Interconnectors 14 13 13
Number of substations 462 462 458
Number of HVDC stations 18 16 16
With respect to securing supply through new projects, work 
is progressing well on both the Mittelachse line and the 
Westküstenleitung line in Schleswig-Holstein. These are 
important projects for the energy transition. In the future, the 
connection will transport this renewable electricity to energy 
users in southern Germany.
DolWin3 is also a significant step in the development of the 
offshore grid and the North West European market. This 
160 km DC connection for offshore wind power became 
operational at the end of 2018 and is the third in the DolWin 
cluster. It connects wind farms in the southwestern part of the 
German North Sea to the onshore transmission grid supplying 
more than one million households with clean wind energy.
 
Secure supply
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
21
Our performance in 2018 | Secure supply

Page 21:
Linking the wind energy hubs of the north with consumption 
centres in the south is essential for the success of the 
energy transition in Germany. This will be especially true 
after 2022, when nuclear power plants will stop generating 
electricity in Germany. That is why TenneT is working on 
major projects such as SuedLink and SuedOstLink helping 
to future-proof the German energy infrastructure. 
We reached a milestone in 2018 when the jacket of TenneT’s 
first offshore transformer platform for the Borssele offshore 
wind farm was successfully installed. The project will see 
two connections of 1,400 MW, come into service in 2019 
and 2020. Four AC cables will run from the platforms to 
the mainland, routed via the Western Scheldt river. Coming 
ashore near the existing high-voltage substation at Borssele, 
they will connect to the substation via underground 220 kV 
cables. The onshore Borssele substation will be expanded 
to create extra room for the transformers required to convert 
the voltage level from 220 kV to 380 kV. The national 380 kV 
high-voltage grid will then distribute the wind energy to 
households across the country. 
In September, TenneT signed an agreement with Enecogen 
for the provision of a ‘black-start’ facility at the Enecogen 
gas station in Rotterdam-Europoort. In the event of a black 
out, this emergency provision can be used to put the high-
voltage grid back into operation. TenneT now has three 
such facilities available in the Netherlands, contributing to a 
stable and reliable energy supply. In Germany we continue 
to work on facilities to secure and restore supply in case 
of local grid situations. By law, we are permitted to assign 
third parties to build and provide these facilities. We are 
currently reaching an agreement for this purpose with 
Amprion and TransnetBW in Bavaria, Baden-Wuerttemberg 
and South Hesse, with the intention to finalise in Q2 2019. 
We have also contracted additional reserves in southern 
Germany and outside of Germany.
Looking to the future, when wind and solar generation will 
account for higher amounts of electricity feeding into the grid, 
TenneT believes that the use of green hydrogen will be an 
important addition to our energy system. Produced through 
the electrolysis of water by renewable electricity, green 
hydrogen is carbon-free and is considered alongside other 
renewables in the Dutch Climate and Energy Agreement. 
As it can be stored, green hydrogen is a flexible controllable 
energy source, which will benefit security of supply. 
Our ongoing goal is to provide a secure and reliable 
supply of energy. We aim to do this as cost efficiently as 
possible to provide affordable electricity. This is why we 
invest in innovation as we believe this will make our grid 
more resilient and futureproof providing long-term value 
for society. However the current reimbursement structure 
does not always compensate for innovation, especially 
with respect to IT driven solutions, which we believe will 
benefit the security of supply. In this context, we need to 
balance the financial health of the company with the cost 
of innovation projects that will be beneficial for society 
in the future.
Also, when planning and tendering our projects, we 
acknowledge that increasing standards we expect from our 
suppliers are a challenge. However, as we feel that we are a 
company that wants to meet these standards, we want to 
help our suppliers and reach the level we desire, rather 
than lower the bar for ourselves.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
22
Our performance in 2018 |  Secure supply

Page 22:
Challenges
Challenge Action
The investment portfolio leads to high workload along the 
entire supply chain. TenneT faces scarcities in the supplier 
markets caused by a strongly increasing market demand 
on power transmission components and especially for 
overhead-lines and cables. With this high workload we also 
see a lack of qualified staff for TenneT and its suppliers, 
which we see as a challenge related to our investment 
portfolio. This could result in a delay of projects.
We settle framework agreements, bulk orders, enforce 
standardisation, increase storage capacities, improve 
demand forecasts, actively support development of 
new technologies (e.g. 525 kV DC-cables) and look for 
alternative supplier and service providers worldwide. 
Furthermore, we extend employment of external project 
management service providers to staff construction 
projects in the onshore grid. To mitigate a lack of internal 
resources, we pro-actively perform analysis to have an 
adequate succession plan of our staff.
Due to faster RES integration and increased activities on 
our existing grid reducing the outage planning is essential
We continue to develop new and innovative ways to further 
improve our way of working to be able to secure supply of 
electricity. TenneT had some successes in 2018 in keeping 
systems up during maintenance, thanks to innovative uses 
of technology. For example, when we discovered that a 
high voltage cable buried under the seabed of the North 
Sea was beginning to surface due to sediment movements 
of the actual seabed, our engineers successfully managed 
to re-bury them whilst the cable remained in service, 
thereby minimizing the down-time to a short interruption 
that was required for technical reasons. TenneT has also 
executed a pilot project with a spin-off company of ETH 
Zürich to investigate if a four-legged robot can execute 
inspections in support of unmanned phases of the offshore 
platforms.
The low carbon emission ambition resulting in increasing 
RES integration creates new challenges related to system 
balancing, as RES output predictions prove to be 
more volatile due to fluctuations in the real time weather 
conditions.
Being able to better predict weather conditions and 
translating this properly will become increasingly important. 
Unlocking flexibility and investing in broad spectrum 
predictive RES output modelling in a progressive market 
design is essential. With this we can better inform and 
challenge other market parties in system balancing.
Strategic risks
Most relevant risks regarding security of supply are related 
to the ageing of infrastructure assets, resource constraints in 
the supply chain, scarcity of qualified personnel, uncertainty 
in energy markets and politics terror/cyber-attacks as well 
as major delays of large infrastructure projects. However, 
there are also opportunities, particularly in the use of 
digitalisation and the development of new technologies.
 
The likelihood of unplanned outages increases as TenneT’s 
infrastructure assets grow older. The growing share of 
renewable electricity can also add to the risk of outages; 
as wind or solar-generated energy is less predictable, 
it is more challenging to shut down parts of the grid to 
perform maintenance works. To mitigate this risk, additional 
resources are made available for maintenance works 
and we are increasing the efficiency and flexibility of our 
maintenance programme by monitoring and simplifying 
internal processes.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
23
Our performance in 2018 | Secure supply

Page 23:
In today’s cross-border energy market, security of supply 
is enhanced by the interconnectivity of the European 
transmission grid, from Portugal to Turkey and from 
Scandinavia to Italy. However, misalignment in the energy 
policies of individual European countries – such as stalling 
plans to invest in nuclear power, stopping the development 
of coal or lignite plants, or increasing the development 
of renewables – have a significant impact on the entire 
European grid. As such, the challenge of dealing with 
European grid issues becomes more of a daily occurrence, 
especially as the further integration of renewables and lower 
availability of conventional power production increases the 
likelihood of critical situations. This is particularly true during 
autumn and winter. This requires international alignment of 
political targets. TenneT works towards this by engaging in 
and providing transparency in political discussions.
Our planned investment projects all involve a high 
degree of organisational complexity. This can include 
communicating with a large number of stakeholders, 
assessing different technological options, routing options, 
interdependencies of work packages between different 
projects and challenges in the political environment. 
Delays in licensing (especially necessary permits from the 
authorities) as well as challenges arising from the use of 
innovative technology (HVDC, Wintrack-II respectively) can 
also throw a project off schedule. TenneT works to mitigate 
these risks by communicating transparently with regional 
stakeholders, working closely with authorities, enforcing 
high quality standards and closely monitoring its suppliers 
and deliverables. Additionally, TenneT continuously works 
to optimise its organisational processes , including lean 
decision making processes, an emphasis on employee 
training and use of probabilistic schedule analyses.
Nonetheless, technology plays a crucial role in mitigating 
risks around security of supply. In particular, TenneT 
sees an opportunity in using digitalisation to improve the 
utilisation of the grid, without increasing black-out risks. 
To this end, we are exploring the potential of big data to 
improve our capacity to predict the weather and assess 
levels of consumer demand. Sophisticated data analytics 
can also help us determine the condition of our assets and 
reduce demand on the grid at peak times by connecting 
decentralised batteries together (so-called “peak shaving”). 
Owning, or at least having real-time access to, specific data 
while complying with the requirements of the EU General 
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) certainly presents risks 
for TSOs. It also means high requirements for IT skills and 
capacity, requiring data to be processed in real time.
TenneT takes the possibility of a severe outage resulting 
from a terror or cyber-attack very seriously. We regard the 
risk of a politically-motivated attack, either government-
backed or non-state cyberterrorists, higher than “usual” 
computer fraud crime. Hence, a successful attack cannot 
be ruled out entirely, despite us having physical and 
digital prevention measures in place that are continuously 
assessed, optimised and tested. To this end, we develop, 
align and carry out contingency plans together with national 
authorities. In Germany, TenneT achieved ISO27001 
certification in 2018.
Outlook
Maintaining a reliable and safe electricity supply by 
improving and maintaining the high-voltage grid is 
only part of the challenge. As society demands more 
renewable electricity, all grid operators face the challenge 
of maintaining security of supply in a more volatile energy 
environment. 
On the 26th of January 2019, the coal commission presented 
a consensus on the phase-out of coal fired power plants in 
Germany. The main cornerstones are a 12.5 GW reduction of 
coal-fired power plants by 2022, a further reduction of 13 GW 
until 2030 and a complete phase-out by 2038. This might 
influence our grid extension plans until 2035 and beyond.
As we advance with the energy transition, the task of 
maintaining this balance becomes more complex and 
involves more market players, including large generators and 
small-scale domestic producers. These players now actively 
participate in an increasingly decentralised electricity market.
In this scenario, TenneT – along with other grid operators – 
needs more sophisticated solutions and flexible commercial 
agreements to balance electricity demand and supply. 
Existing market designs can become barriers to innovation 
and progress and may need to be changed. Significant grid 
innovations will be essential to prevent energy shortages 
and realise society’s green energy ambitions. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
24
Our performance in 2018 | Secure supply

Page 24:
This is one of our most recent offshore projects taken 
into operation. This offshore converter platform connects 
renewable energy from wind farms through a 135 km long 
cable to the onshore grid. The development of these offshore 
projects is essential to realise climate ambitions. Construction 
of this platform started in 2012 and with a transport capacity 
of 916 MW, DolWin2 has the potential to supply more than 
one million households with clean energy per year. 
As we aim to invest a significant amount to expand and 
maintain our grid, we are aware that our impact goes 
beyond the financial ‘bottom line’. Our assets, have both 
positive and negative impacts for society. To gain more 
insights of these impacts, we have monetised environmental, 
social and economical factors related to DolWin2. Our case 
study has focused on specific steps in the value chain, from 
raw material extraction to the operation phase of this project. 
We realise that this case study is a part of the first steps we 
are taking to gain insights on the True Value of our operations. 
In recent years, we have performed similar pilot projects for 
our onshore operations. That is why we have chosen an 
offshore project for this year’s case study. We aimed to collect 
data for the most material impacts of each phase of DolWin2 
and monetise these impacts with a Euro value, to have one 
common denominator at the end of this case study. 
The results of this case study show that the main impact of 
DolWin2 is environmental. Negative environmental impacts 
are mainly related to material extraction and constructing the 
platform. However, by realising this project, we are able to 
avoid carbon emissions that otherwise would have been 
emitted by less sustainable sources such as coal plants. 
This case study shows that next to the economical costs 
and benefits, the true value of this project lies in the 
environmental impact this project has for society,
Societal
Environmental
Economical
beneﬁtscosts
Monetised impact (indicative)
We acknowledge that impact reporting is still an area that is 
under development. That is why we work together with other 
companies in the Dutch infrastructure sector and MVO 
Nederland in the ‘Groene Netten’ coalition to take next steps 
and create a common language. This will help our 
stakeholders gain more insight into the impacts we as 
companies in this sector have. It can also help us internally 
in our decision-making process. More details on this case 
study can be found on our website.
True Value DolWin2
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
25


Page 25:
Lead North West European integration
Electricity doesn’t recognise borders, electrons simply flow to the point of least 
resistance. Therefore, in an energy market with an increasing share of renewables, it 
makes little sense to act on a national level. To secure the supply of electricity and to 
integrate large amounts of renewable energy into the grid, TenneT is building an 
interconnected, cross-border grid, strengthening the electricity market in North West 
Europe (NWE). 
TenneT has been working to integrate the NWE electricity 
markets for more than a decade, with the aim of creating a 
single market where electricity can be traded and supplied, 
easily and efficiently. By connecting our electricity grid with 
the countries around us, we physically enable electricity to 
flow across Europe. With increased interconnection capacity 
between countries, EU-wide rules have become crucial 
to manage electricity flows. In addition to building and 
operating the high-voltage transmission grid, it is also our 
role to support harmonising the rules and regulations for grid 
operation and electricity trading across national European 
electricity markets. By doing so we are creating one single 
fully-functioning integrated European electricity market. 
In this regard, our work can be linked to SDG 9 - Industry, 
Innovation and Infrastructure, as well as to SDG 13, Climate 
Action. Our work to increase the amount of cross-border 
capacity for electricity transport and ensure a secure, 
sustainable, efficient and cost-effective energy supply, helps 
combat climate change and its impacts. 
Results
Market results
(%)
1 price in CWE zone          
2 prices in CWE zone           
3 prices in CWE zone           
4 prices in CWE zone
5 prices in CWE zone
2018
40
15
6
733
2017
42
6 17
34 2016
43
5 17
34
Price convergence
Lead North West European integration
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
26
Our performance in 2018 | Lead North West European integration


Page 26:
2018
20,625
2018
18,730
24,735
2017
24,258
20172016 2016
Import Export
Inbound and outbound ﬂows of Dutch TenneT grid
(GWh)
18,917 19,343
65,593
76,390
63,464
67,411
57, 223
52,417
2018 20182017 20172016 2016
Import Export
Inbound and outbound ﬂows of German TenneT grid
(GWh)
197,8 3 430,397 29,924 194,408203,65530,993
Nuclear
Hard coal
Biomass
Wind (onshore)
Operational Operational Operational 
30
0
2018 2017 2016
200
Oil
Hydro
Source: BNETZA, kraftwerkslisten
Lignite
Natural gas
Wind (offshore)
Solar
Operating generation capacity Netherlands Operating generation capacity Germany
(GW) (GW)
Operational Operational Operational 
0
2018 2017 2016
Other
These results show how we are working on creating a 
more integrated NWE market. By increasing the number of 
interconnectors, we create more opportunities to import and 
export energy. This can benefit a more cost-efficient supply, 
as energy with a lower price on the other side of the border 
can be imported. Additionally it creates more opportunities 
to secure supply within the NWE region. Furthermore, we 
see that the installed capacity of the Dutch and our German 
part of the grid have a higher share of renewable energy 
sources (RES). Conventional generation such as nuclear 
and coal have a reduced share in the energy mix, which is in 
line with the German government’s ambition to phase out all 
nuclear power plants by the end of 2022 and the phase out 
of coal-fired power plants in the Netherlands. 
Infrastructure investments
With currently four connections between the Netherlands 
and Germany, one with the United Kingdom, two with 
Belgium, two with Austria, one with the Czech Republic, 
one with Sweden, two with Denmark and one with Norway, 
our grid forms a crucial link in the integrated NWE electricity 
system (see grid map on our website).
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
27
Our performance in 2018 | Lead North West European integration

Page 27:
A good example of our work to strengthen the cross-border 
electricity market was recently completed. After years of 
planning, preparing and construction together with Amprion, 
the Doetinchem-Wesel 380 kV line became fully operational 
in November 2018. This 57 km connection between the 
Netherlands and Germany can carry up to 1,500 MW of 
electricity. Doetinchem-Wesel brings the number of cross-
border interconnectors operated by TenneT up to 14. 
In 2018, we continued our construction activities on the 
COBRAcable together with Energinet.dk. This high-voltage 
direct current (HVDC) sub-sea cable directly connects the 
grids in the Netherlands and Denmark with a capacity of 
700 MW. In November 2018 a new milestone was reached 
when the cable was brought ashore in the Netherlands. 
The cable is planned to commence commercial operation 
in Q3 2019. An innovative feature of the COBRAcable is its 
ability to connect with an offshore wind farm. This project 
contributes to a sustainable international energy landscape 
by stabilising electricity prices in both countries, while further 
facilitating European market integration.
Our NordLink cable connecting the German and Norwegian 
grid is another important new interconnection supporting 
the development of an integrated European energy 
market. Once it is fully operational in 2020, it will be the 
first direct connection between the two countries’ power 
markets. With a capacity of 1,400 MW, the interconnector 
can provide renewable energy for more than 3.6 million 
households and will be able to export wind energy from 
approximately 466 wind turbines of 3 megawatts, each. 
The Westküstenleitung project constructs new, high 
capacity lines, which will collect the wind power produced 
on the west coast of Germany and transport it to the 
South. To meet the requirements of the energy transition, 
the Mittelachse project is replacing the 220 kV overhead 
line between Hamburg and Denmark with a new 380 kV 
overhead line that can transport seven times as much 
electricity over a distance of around 150 km. 
Market rules and regulations
To facilitate the harmonisation, integration and efficiency of 
the European electricity market, the association of European 
Transmission System Operators (ENTSO-E) has been 
tasked with drafting the so-called “network codes”. These 
network codes are legally binding European Commission 
regulations, governing cross-border electricity market 
transactions and system operations. 
Each network code is integral to the drive towards 
completing the internal energy market, and achieving 
the European Union’s energy objectives for 2030 of:
• At least a 40% cut in greenhouse gas emissions 
(from 1990 levels);
• At least 27% share for renewable energy;
• At least 27% improvement in energy efficiency       .
ENTSO-E has delivered a total of eight network codes, 
but the work is not yet completed as each requires TSOs 
to deliver more detailed methodologies and implement 
the regulations from the network codes. TenneT has been 
actively involved in drafting the network codes and is fully 
involved in delivering the remaining required methodologies 
and implementing them at EU, regional and national levels. 
This is a very time consuming process and requires a major 
effort of TenneT as many local IT-systems, documents and 
procedures have to be adapted. Key milestones in 2018 are 
the delivery of capacity calculation methodologies for day-
ahead and intraday, a common grid-model methodology, 
as well as methodologies for coordinating operational 
security analyses. 
In June 2018, following several years of intensive 
development and testing, an important step towards 
creating a European intraday market was taken with the 
successful launch of the European cross-border intraday 
(XBID) solution. XBID enables continuous trading of 
electricity across 14 countries, including the Netherlands 
and Germany, and automatically couples 10 local intraday 
markets. Most other European countries are due to take 
part in a second ‘wave’ in 2019.
In October 2018, meeting the requirement of the 
Bundesnetzagentur (BNetzA), TenneT and other German 
TSOs successfully implemented congestion management 
on the border between Germany and Austria. Prior to that, 
there was unrestricted electricity trading between the two 
countries, but this led to bottlenecks in the heavily-loaded 
power grid that could only be stabilised with extensive 
measures. By implementing congestion management, the 
TSOs expect the effects of capacity constraints between 
Germany and Austria to be less severe. This will reduce 
the need for grid stabilisation and ease pressure on 
neighbouring transmission grids. In the long-term, this will 
have a positive effect on grid fees and help to reduce costs 
for electricity consumers. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
28
Our performance in 2018 | Lead North West European integration

Page 28:
Adhering to European harmonised rules has created 
a dilemma for TenneT. As a consequence of applying 
approved rules on capacity calculation on the Danish-
German border, the amount of capacity that could be 
offered went down considerably over time. This decrease in 
offered capacity was reason for the European Commission 
to open a competition procedure against TenneT Germany. 
The European Commission argued that the lack of capacity 
at the Danish border might be considered discriminatory 
against Danish producers as it closed the German market. 
While TenneT rejected the notion that the company 
behaves discriminatory, TenneT nevertheless committed to 
increase the capacity offered at the German-Danish border 
irrespective of the results of common capacity calculation 
rules. Based on this commitment proposal the European 
Commission has closed the case, thereby obliging TenneT 
to implement the commitment. The effect will be that 
capacity offered at the border by TenneT will be higher than 
the capacity offered in the past.
Challenges
Challenge Action
A potential negative impact of the European Commission’s 
Clean Energy Package legislation (to keep the European 
Union competitive as the clean energy transition changes 
global energy markets), is the prescribed new way of 
cross-border calculations. Not only does it carry a risk for 
security of supply, it could also lead to higher financial 
burdens for member states and TSOs, and increased 
electricity prices for end-users. The fact that the package 
rules out a possible tariff reduction, through income from 
congestion rents, is not encouraging.
We continue to invest a great deal of time in discussing 
how an integrated European market should function. We 
provided detailed input to policy-makers throughout all 
ministry, council and parliamentary consultations and 
discussions. Collaboration between TSOs is vital, we need 
to work together on future market design and the way of 
market coupling.
Lack of coordination in European context to plan / 
collaborate more efficiently between the member states in 
realizing our joint responsibility to ensure security of supply 
in an efficient and effective manner while also facilitating the 
shift to a low carbon economy.
Given the share of RES increases with a high level of 
correlation between regions, the current practise of relying 
on neighbours to secure security of supply diminishes. 
We continue to work together and engage with other TSOs 
and governments to make progress in this field.
Strategic risks
As a result of increasingly uncertain power production and 
power flows, caused by the rapidly increasing amount of 
renewable energy flowing into the European grid, there is a 
growing need for more cross-country power balancing and 
concerted system operation. TenneT is well prepared to take 
a leading role in the further integration of national markets 
and developments. For instance, TenneT operates and 
builds interconnectors, increases border capacities and is 
currently heading ENTSO-E.
Outlook
After many years of effort to realise an interconnected 
North-West European electricity market, we have 
reached a turning point. Now that TenneT has brought 
14 interconnectors into operation and crucial projects 
like COBRAcable and NordLink are nearing completion, 
integration and cross-border co-operation are reaching a 
stage where significant volumes of cross-border trade will 
have a significant impact on the internal high-voltage grid 
and will compete with internal transactions.
With upcoming rules from the Clean Energy Package (CEP) 
which oblige TenneT to always offer an amount of minimum 
capacity for cross-border trade, the electricity system will be 
forced towards the limits of safe and secure operation and 
more congestions in the local networks is expected. The 
focus will therefore shift from investing in more cross-border 
interconnection capacity towards increasing investments in 
local grids so that electricity flows from cross-border trade 
can be safely transported alongside electricity flows from 
internal electricity markets.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
29
Our performance in 2018 | Lead North West European integration

Page 29:
On 12 June, 2018 the European Cross-Border Intraday 
(XBID) trading platform was launched. This is one of the key 
projects on the roadmap towards the European Commission 
end-goals of the European Internal Energy Market. The XBID 
project realised the delivery of a single and harmonised XBID 
trading platform.
The delivery of the XBID platform has been a complex and 
intensive but successful process that lasted for several 
years. The cause for the specific delivery circumstances 
originate from the fact that the project context consists of 
a multitude of project partners (TSOs and Operators of the 
electricity trading markets) and stakeholders (European 
Commission, European & national regulators, market parties) 
from 14 countries that joined the XBID GO-live. Managing 
the complex dimensions such as international governance, 
political, regulatory, competition, technical, operational, etc. 
is something all involved parties can be proud of.
The successful delivery of XBID was without any doubt 
a clear European team effort of above mentioned project 
parties and stakeholders. 
TenneT has at specific moments in the project, and at key 
positions within the project, clearly put the leading ambitions 
for NWE integration into practice. Examples of this are the 
TSO project manager position filled in by TenneT during the 
early initiation of the XBID project, the IT task force leader 
role during the implementation of the IT systems and also 
the broadly acknowledged key-expert contribution of TenneT 
during the entire project.
Now that XBID is in stable operation, the positive effects 
can be clearly observed. The short-term and cross-border 
trading of electricity in Europe has evidently become 
much easier and attractive. The availability of such an 
easily accessible, well-functioning and liquid short-term 
trading platform at pan-European scale is a pre-requisite to 
smoothly incorporate the increasing share of electricity 
production from Renewable Energy Sources into the 
European electricity system.
For the next years, a further European extension of the XBID 
trading platform is planned simultaneously with additional 
system improvements and further harmonisation.
European Cross-Border  Intraday 
(XBID) trading platform
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
30


Page 30:
Innovate business
Since TenneT was founded 20 years ago, we have seen a revolution in the energy 
market, as renewables have moved from niche to mainstream. The coming decades 
will see even more change, with international co-operation and ground-breaking 
innovation required to meet both the energy needs of society and the national and 
international carbon-reduction targets.
The energy transition and the resulting in-flows of wind and 
solar energy, require radical new thinking. For decades, 
society relied on a relatively simple and linear electricity 
model, where one power station would serve a large 
area, with electricity carried over relatively short distances. 
Today, electricity can be generated in any place, from 
wind farms far out in the North Sea to solar panels on 
the roofs of home-owners. Feeding this electricity into 
the grid, balancing its volatility and fluctuating supply with 
growing demand, transporting it over longer distances 
and maintaining affordable electricity prices and security 
of supply, requires radical new thinking and innovative 
solutions. 
And renewable energy is not the only transformational 
change driving the need for innovation. The rapid 
development of an interconnected cross-border North 
West European (NWE) electricity market is another major 
technological challenge. TenneT is leading the way in 
facilitating this change and helping other TSOs, governments 
and technology providers build the infrastructure and   
high-tech backbone this model needs to function. 
To create a grid that is fit for the future, old market rules and 
models must be upgraded to unlock modern technology 
options and new players need to step forward to provide 
previously unforeseen solutions. For TenneT, innovation is 
critical to developing the systems, services and technology 
we need to address the changes we face. 
We define innovation as ‘the successful exploitation of 
new ideas to create value for the company and society’. 
Our approach to innovation is to create benefits for our 
stakeholders with a focus on our strategic goals, to enhance 
system flexibility and ensure security of supply. We also 
rely on innovation to advance the use of data and analytics 
and to drive the integration of the NWE electricity market. 
As such, our approach fits closely with SDG 9, ‘Industry, 
Innovation and Infrastructure’, promoting inclusive and 
sustainable industrialisation and innovation. Currently, we 
are working on ways to further improve how we manage 
this strategic innovation goal to monitor our progress. 
Innovate business
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
31
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 31:
Results
Innovate
business
DELIVER 
stakeholder value
Lead NWE
integration
Engage 
stakeholders
Secure 
supply
6 7 8 9
10 11 12
1 2
3 4 5
 
 
 
 
 
Blockchain pilot with Vandebron and Sonnen 
Next Generation Scada project
Standardized substation replacement program
InnoSys 2030
Energised working
North Sea Wind Power Hub
XBID: Cross border intraday for 14 countries
(see case study Lead NWE integration)
10 year partnership with TU Delft
Multi supplier challenge for 2 - 5km horizontal drilling technology
Sector coupling as option for renewable integration 
Supporting market parties for future ﬂexibility products
Engaged in research consortia such as Promotion and Migrate
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
Innovate business
TenneT relies on continuous innovation to stay ahead in our 
fast-changing industry and to add value for society. Our 
people are experts in their field and we value their creativity. 
This ensures innovation, which helps us in our ongoing 
success and improvement. 
To incorporate innovation in the core of our operations, 
we have designed and implemented an innovation 
programme that is connected to our strategy and overseen 
by our Innovation Board. Experts from the academic 
world, research centres and other TSOs help to push us 
further and make sure we are fully aware of cutting-edge 
technologies. 
Innovating with stakeholders
10 year partnership with TU Delft
External stakeholders – and stakeholder engagement – 
play an important role in our approach to innovation. This 
includes close cooperation with universities, as research and 
innovation is essential for developing a sustainable energy 
system of the future. In this respect, TenneT has entered 
into a partnership with TU Delft to develop a new Electrical 
Sustainable Power Lab (ESP Lab).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
32
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 32:
Multi supplier challenge for 2 - 5 km horizontal 
drilling technology
To plan for the future we also seek innovation with other 
stakeholders, such as contractors and cable suppliers, 
especially as demands increase to lay cables underground. 
As we explore innovations in this area, we aim to cause as 
little disruption for the environment and local residents as 
possible, while also realising projects more quickly. Horizontal 
drilling over longer distances could be a solution, with the 
possibility to drill distances of five or more kilometres for our 
high voltage grid. We are now cooperating with contractors 
and cable suppliers to make this innovation a reality. 
Supporting market parties for future 
flexibility products
As more renewable electricity is fed into the grid, demand 
for commercially viable energy storage solutions is growing. 
TenneT is facilitating the process with the Electricity Storage 
Valuation tool. This is designed for business users who need 
insight into the costs and benefits of large-scale energy 
storage allowing them to determine the optimal storage 
capacity for specific applications and plan large-scale 
storage projects.
The Flexibility Monitor is another innovation that will help 
manage a future energy system with variable renewable 
generation. Developed by TenneT, this aims to quantify the 
assets in the Dutch electricity market that provide flexibility 
when supply and demand need to be balanced in the 
grid. An understanding of the actual volume of flexibility 
in the market is important for TenneT as system operator, 
and also for energy producers, consumers and investors. 
To get this insight, TenneT teamed up with organisations 
such as VEMW, Unie van Waterschappen and Energie 
Nederland. A questionnaire was distributed among different 
market parties, including grid users, Balance Responsible 
Parties and aggregators. They were asked to provide their 
expected amounts of demand, storage and generation. The 
acquired data from the questionnaire and accompanying 
data analysis are being assessed and first results will be 
compiled in 2019.
Sector coupling as option for renewable integration
Sector coupling is an important area of innovation that also 
requires TenneT to cooperate with external stakeholders as 
we seek new solutions to manage the complexity of multiple 
energy sources. Sector coupling aims to harness the 
flexibility and/or storage capabilities of other energy sources 
and infrastructure to keep the power system balanced 
and stable. 
For example, the electricity sector can be coupled with 
the mobility sector (e.g. electric vehicles), green gas 
transmission and storage, (dual fuel heat boilers, steel 
industry transferring to green gas and micro grids fuelled 
by hydrogen). Exploring these kind of options shows 
that TenneT is not solely focused on electricity solutions, 
but is also looking for solutions that support an affordable 
and secure power system and the evolution of a carbon-
free future.
Engaged in research consortia such as 
PROMOTioN and MIGRATE
To better understand how energy can be brought onshore, 
TenneT is also actively engaged in research consortia of two 
EU Horizon2020 projects; MIGRATE and PROMOTioN. By 
2020, high levels of wind and solar energy will flow through 
the pan-European high-voltage grid. As this occurs, more 
and more devices that generate and consume electricity 
will be connected to the grid through Power Electronics 
(PE). This will lead to technical challenges due to the lack 
of rotational inertia in the future power system, which 
endangers stability at 50 Hz. The MIGRATE research 
programme seeks to develop solutions to these technical 
issues, aiming to maintain grid availability and stability, 
quality of supply, control and grid protection. PROMOTioN 
will set out the development plan and optimise the 
regulatory and financial framework for Meshed Offshore 
Transmission Networks.
Innovation to secure supply
Blockchain pilot with Vandebron and Sonnen
In the future, decentralised energy sources will become 
increasingly important to maintain the balance between the 
supply and demand for electricity. To explore this, TenneT 
is undertaking a pilot project in collaboration with seven 
market parties: Engie, Enova, Escozon & Energie Samen, 
Next Kraftwerke & Jedlix, Scholt Energy & Enervalis, 
Sympower and Vandebron. This is a follow-up to a previous 
collaboration with Vandebron and uses blockchain software 
to manage transactions for electricity demand and supply. 
To model how electricity can be supplied from a growing 
number of sources, the project partners will apply a 
software management tool to energy sources including 
wind, solar, combined heat and power (CHP), heating grids, 
electric cars, electric boilers and electric pumps. During the 
pilot project, new data communication technologies will be 
tested to enable TenneT and suppliers of flexible generating 
capacity to exchange the required information for balance 
maintenance purposes. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
33
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 33:
InnoSys 2030
TenneT is exploring IT solutions for balancing the grid in 
Germany. It is leading a research project to investigate 
new IT concepts and tools to help in the energy transition, 
called InnoSys 2030. The German government initiated 
this programme with the four German TSOs, to investigate 
new ways to optimise grid utilisation through automated 
system operation. 
Next Generation Scada project
Internally, TenneT is upgrading its own operating system 
to manage more complex electricity flows. The Next-
Gen operating system will be designed to meet the 
challenges of the more complex energy landscape. 
In 2018 we conducted a market consultation to identify our 
requirements and potential suppliers, to be followed by a 
tender process in 2019.
Standardised substation replacement program 
To make our 110/150 kV substations ready for the future, 
we need to replace approximately 140 substations over 
the next 10 years. These are over 45 years old. This means 
replacing an average of approximately one substation per 
month. To achieve the desired predictability and acceleration 
of replacement, we will introduce common technical 
standards and take a uniform approach to replacement, 
maintenance and management. Our Bay Replacement 
programme, which started in 2017, has largely designed 
this new approach in 2018, with inputs from market 
parties. The new concepts will be tested in 2019 with the 
replacement of six proof of concept-substations with AIS 
and GIS technology. Based on the results of the proof of 
concept phase from technical, organisational and financial 
perspectives, TenneT will proceed with the large volume 
replacement of 110/150 kV substations using the new 
technical standards and ways of working, for which TenneT 
will start preparations in 2019.
Energised working
As work on our assets becomes essential to secure 
supply and future-proof our infrastructure, we face the 
challenge of working with live installations, also known as 
‘Energised Working’. In the Netherlands this is prohibited 
by law, although the practice is permitted in other European 
countries. 
However, given the importance of the availability of the 
high-voltage grid and the complexity of electricity supply as 
a result of the energy transition, it is increasingly difficult to 
switch off the operating voltage when we need to perform 
work. As a result, it has become difficult to maintain certain 
parts of the grid or to do so on time. Energised Working 
offers a safe alternative and does not pose greater risks 
than working on disconnected installations. To explore this 
further, TenneT collaborated with its partners. 
Innovation to facilitate North West Europe 
market integration
North Sea Wind Power Hub
As TenneT plays a leading role in facilitating the evolution 
of a cross-border NWE electricity market, new approaches 
must be investigated to connect large scale offshore 
wind to the onshore grids. This will become even more 
important as wind generation capacity grows in the North 
Sea, with WindEurope forecasting a planned deployment 
of up to 70 GW by 2030. In this context, TenneT’s vision 
for a North Sea Wind Power Hub, as part of a consortium 
with Energinet.dk, Gasunie and Port of Rotterdam, is a 
particularly important innovation. The concept of one or 
two hubs located in the North Sea, with interconnectors 
linking to neighbouring countries, would allow the mass-
scale harvesting of wind power, delivered under the sea and 
across borders to North Sea bordering countries. Together 
with external experts, TenneT and its consortium partners 
are investigating feasible design options, the economic 
rationale, and the regulatory and market requirements for 
this ambitious international infrastructure.
The current regulatory framework incentivises grid 
maintenance and investments, whereas TenneT believes 
that investments in smart technologies and big data will 
enable us to optimise the use of our grid. To maintain 
an affordable cost for society, we continuously balance 
possible innovations against regulatory reimbursements.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
34
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 34:
Challenges
Challenge Action
One of the biggest challenges in this dynamic environment 
is the relentless pace of change and the constant need to 
deliver solutions to meet the needs of society, regulators 
and government. Particularly challenging is spearheading 
innovation within an EU regulatory framework that has not 
fully caught up with the reality of today’s electricity market.
As TenneT, we believe innovation is crucial to realise an 
affordable energy transition whilst meeting the demands of 
society, regulators and government. Through engagement 
with our stakeholders we continuously seek opportunities 
to enhance our toolbox of solutions meeting these 
demands. This has resulted in a joint assessment 
framework “Netverzwaren tenzij” in the Netherlands. This 
allows TenneT to consider in a transparent and verifiable 
way when it is socially efficient to include flexibility from the 
market as a (temporary) alternative to a grid reinforcement. 
The framework is now being discussed for regulatory 
implementation. In Germany the research project consortia 
of InnoSys 2030 with 17 partners has started research in 
2018 to deliver innovative system operation concepts to 
increase transport capacity on existing lines. And together 
with Gasunie, TenneT has developed an Infrastructure 
Outlook 2050, exploring the opportunities of sector 
coupling based upon Dutch and German studies for our 
networks in the Netherlands and Germany. Participation 
both in Netherlands and Germany to support development 
of a 1 GW electrolyser solution by 2030 with significant 
cost reduction targets is also part of our commitment.
Keeping pace with the demand for transmission increase and 
renewals in our existing grid requires innovative approaches. 
As TenneT we rely on our suppliers to have the capacity and 
capability for delivery of the solutions we require.
We are in close contact with our stakeholders, also our 
suppliers to keep each other informed and to make sure 
delays are avoided as much as possible.
Strategic Risks
It is clear that technological innovation plays an essential 
role in achieving the energy transition. Although innovations 
abound in the energy sector, there are currently no decisive 
breakthroughs that will simultaneously guarantee security 
of supply, affordability for society and competitiveness 
of industry prices. It is not clear which technological 
developments hold the most promise; most likely it will be 
a mix of digitalisation, big data, market and price models, 
sector coupling, new types of cables, lines and other assets 
to transmit energy.
As new technologies are introduced, whether in physical 
assets or software solutions, there could be an increased 
risk of outages caused by malfunctioning. As such, TenneT 
demands high quality standards from its suppliers and 
service providers. As an additional measure, TenneT builds 
test procedures, test periods and guarantee periods into its 
project planning and supplier contracts.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
35
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 35:
In a highly dynamic market, there is some risk attached 
to the emergence of new players who may either over-
reach themselves, fail or go out of business. To avoid a 
consequential lack of support or (spare) parts, TenneT 
assesses the financial stability of suppliers and prescribes 
a long-term availability of parts and services as one of its 
contractual pre-conditions.
On the other hand, digitalisation can also be an opportunity, 
helping to reduce costs and achieve a secure energy 
transition. However, that comes with high requirements, 
not only regarding data security, but especially for 
information management and human resources in the fields 
of designing, developing, maintaining and operating the 
systems. Therefore, TenneT continuously develops its IT 
capabilities, enhancing its organisation, training employees 
and reviewing the performance of IT service providers.
Outlook
The challenges facing TenneT require us to embrace truly 
pioneering inventions, such as green hydrogen. This will 
likely be among the solutions to help society achieve its 
ambitious carbon targets. To explore the possibilities, we 
are part of the Hydrogen Coalition, led by Greenpeace 
Netherlands, with 23 industry players. The coalition has 
presented government with a manifesto to stimulate the 
production of emissions-free green hydrogen, which 
is produced through the electrolysis of water by renewable 
electricity. TenneT is actively exploring the possibilities for 
new services made possible by converting wind-generated 
electricity into hydrogen. As well as being a carbon-free 
alternative to natural gas, the key benefit of this process is 
that hydrogen can be stored. This addresses an important 
challenge in the energy transition, as storage will help to 
even out imbalances between the supply and demand of 
renewable electricity.
TenneT and other industry players are engaged in a pilot 
project in Germany called Element 1, to bring green 
hydrogen solutions to market. TenneT is joining forces 
with the gas transport network operators Gasunie and 
Thyssennet to jointly build a power-to-gas installation with a 
capacity of 100 MW. Upon completion in 2022, this facility 
will be the largest power-to-gas installation in Germany. It 
will be constructed near a TenneT transformer station in 
Lower Saxony, where electricity from offshore wind turbines 
is distributed. 
By storing wind energy surplus as hydrogen via power-to-
gas conversion, TenneT has access to an important means 
to increase flexibility in its power system. This is a relevant 
solution for balancing the ever-increasing share of weather-
dependent power production from wind and sun in the 
system. Hydrogen can also be mixed in the natural gas 
distribution networks and sold in hydrogen filling stations. 
From 2022 onwards, the three partners envisage to start 
storing green electricity as green hydrogen and thereby gain 
experience with power-to-gas on an industrial scale.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
36
Our performance in 2018 | Innovate business

Page 36:
Grid booster
In contrast to the classic preventive approach, the Grid-
Booster ensures a (n-1) secure grid operation reactively, 
i.e. after fault occurred. Therefore, the power load of existing 
power lines can be increased beyond presently valid stability 
limits saving preventive Redispatch. In order to implement 
and test the Grid-Booster concept a pilot project has been 
started. Specifically, two spatially separated energy storage 
devices are planned to be installed in the north and south of 
the main grid congestions which act as source and sink of a 
“virtual power line” in case of emergency.
In Germany, the power generating landscape is changing 
fast. At the same time, the grid infrastructure needs to 
expand. As a result, the German power grid is reaching 
its thermal and stability limits. Consequently, congestion 
measures like Redispatch and EISMAN are needed. To 
cope with these challenges, the idea is to use unexploited 
transmission capacities, for example by implementing 
concepts of automated grid operation which are about to 
be investigated in the InnoSys2030 research project. Among 
the most promising of these concepts is the Grid-Booster. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
37


Page 37:
Engage stakeholders
Consumers and businesses across the Netherlands and Germany rely on the 
electricity we transport, across land and sea, giving us an important role in society.
Every minute of every day, 365 days a year, TenneT works 
to ensure electricity is reliably and affordably available to 
all who need it in the markets we serve. Meeting society’s 
electricity needs is a fundamental responsibility that guides 
everything we do. We have a dialogue with our stakeholders 
every day and, as we perform our work, we aim to make all 
information easily available, take concerns seriously and use 
our expertise and experience to explain the necessity and 
effects of our work.
As we aim to do everything in the interests of our 
stakeholders, we must proceed in a way that attempts 
to build consensus and acceptance. We are aware that 
powering society cannot be done without impact on local 
communities and the environment. Installing new power 
lines – above or below ground, or under the sea – has 
consequences for nature and people. This is why we 
engage with our stakeholders during and after our projects. 
Our priority is to minimise any negative impact, while 
delivering the critical electricity infrastructure – on land and 
at sea – our society relies on.
Our reputation as a responsible, engaged and connected 
corporate citizen is important to us; better understanding 
and acceptance of our work, developed patiently over 
time through clear and transparent communication and 
respectful dialogue, underpins our licence to operate.
It is also important for us to play our part in the public 
debate on the energy transition, for example through our 
involvement in the Dutch government’s Climate Tables. This 
forum was introduced to gain expert insight and advice 
from key players in the energy transition, as the Dutch 
government strives to meet the CO2 reduction ambitions of 
the Dutch Climate Agreement.
Our ambition to engage with stakeholders links to several 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
For example, SDGs 14 and 15, respectively relating to the 
sustainable use of sea and land, direct us in how we engage 
with communities and NGOs when planning and conducting 
our work in the natural environment. SDG 8, on decent 
work and economic growth, reflects our responsibility 
towards our employees and contractors. Furthermore, as 
a company that promotes diversity, we embrace SDG 5 
on gender equality, with initiatives to encourage female 
leaders and equal opportunities for all employees. Among 
our stakeholders, we also aim to foster an environment 
of equality and respect, where everyone’s views and 
standpoints are listened to and taken into account. More 
details on how we performed in these areas are disclosed in 
the Non-financial chapter. 
Results
Stakeholder engagement 2018 2017 2016
# stakeholder engagement 738 756 171
Stakeholder dialogue is essential for developing 
understanding and acceptance. During 2018, we held 
738 public meetings and events in the Netherlands and 
Germany, with over 12,500 visitors and participants. We aim 
for a fully transparent process, where all stakeholders’ views 
and standpoints are listened to and considered.
We measure the effectiveness of our stakeholder dialogue 
with customers, employees and local communities, using 
various tools. Our customer satisfaction survey, which we 
run in alternate years in Germany and the Netherlands, is a 
major source of insights. 
In the latest survey, conducted in the Netherlands, our 
overall customer satisfaction score (customers directly 
connected to our grid) rose slightly to 87%, compared to 
86% in 2016. In the most recent survey in Germany (2017), 
we recorded a customer satisfaction score of 94% showing 
that our ongoing work to engage with stakeholders is 
helping to maintain consistently high satisfaction scores.
Gauging how sustainably engaged our employees are is 
also important. We do this via an employee survey. The last 
survey conducted in 2017, showed a high level of employee 
engagement of 80%. 
Engage stakeholders
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
38
Our performance in 2018 | Engage stakeholders

Page 38:
To maintain and further increase this level of employee 
engagement, we also recognise the importance of building 
our reputation among potential recruits versus our industry 
peers. To this end, our success in the 2018 MT500 survey 
is an important achievement, ranking TenneT among the 
25 most-respected companies in the Netherlands.
Other ongoing tools for measuring satisfaction with our 
stakeholder engagement, are the regular surveys we run 
at each phase of a new project. These ask people in the 
local community how they value their contact with TenneT, 
and the quality of communication and dialogue through 
information evenings, social media, emails, website and 
newsletters. On average, TenneT receives a rating of 6.7/10. 
Research in the Netherlands shows that, on average, the 
public values the contact with infrastructure companies that 
execute large projects at 6.4, demonstrating that TenneT is 
performing on par with accepted benchmarks.
For particularly large projects, we also opened dedicated 
information centres. During 2018, for example, we opened 
an information centre in Dankern, Germany, for the AC cable 
under construction between Dörpen and Niederrhein, and a 
DC cable information centre in Wilster, for the new converter 
site serving the NordLink. In the Netherlands we opened 
an information centre in Kruiningen for people seeking 
information about the high-voltage connection between 
Borssele and Rilland.
Challenges
Challenge Action
As a company that builds critical infrastructure in the 
natural environment, our engagement with stakeholders 
may tread a line between societal and private interests. 
What is good for and desired by society is not always 
welcomed by the communities which are affected by our 
projects. After all, lines and pylons in our landscape may 
not easily be accepted, but they are a necessity to 
transport electricity.
We meet this challenge by ensuring we have dialogues 
taking into account local interests, but we are aware that 
we will not overcome all local opposition. Moreover we 
identify possible constraints and cost of solutions in early 
stages of the decision-making process and communicate 
this openly on both local and political level.
Furthermore, the debate regarding health risks related to 
power cables and magnetic fields is still ongoing.
We make sure we comply with rules and regulations when 
building our assets taking sufficient caution. We proactively 
inform both governments and other stakeholders on 
magnetic fields related to our projects in cooperation with 
other parties involved (e.g. RIVM, DSOs, etc).
Strategic risks
As the energy transition gathers pace, there is a growing 
need for better external communication to explain its 
effects on society transparently. If there is a perceived 
lack of transparency, there is a risk of high dissatisfaction 
with TSOs, with consequential reputational damage, or 
financial loss in the form of lower investment or reduced 
cost reimbursements by ACM and/or BNetzA. To mitigate 
this risk, TenneT takes a leading role in stakeholder 
engagement, explaining its decisions to communities 
affected by its work, while also opening the door to discuss 
alternatives. As part of this, TenneT also takes into account 
alternatives outside the TSO business, e.g. sector coupling. 
Those alternatives have the potential to significantly reduce 
investments.
To ensure a future-proof grid, investments in extension 
and reinforcement by TSOs are necessary. The amended 
German NABEG legislation will include improvements 
with regard to licencing requirements, for instance for the 
replacement of existing overhead lines by higher voltage 
capacities and the option to use renewables as re-dispatch 
capacity. In the event of delays in project realisation, 
penalties could be imposed. To mitigate this risk, TenneT 
introduced professional project management many years 
ago. Despite this, we experienced and still anticipate the 
risk of bottlenecks caused by scarcity of resources and 
delays during the licensing process including as a result of 
stakeholder objections. Bearing these possible delays in 
mind, TenneT continuously reviews its project milestones 
and project commissioning dates.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
39
Our performance in 2018 | Engage stakeholders

Page 39:
Outlook
During 2018, the Dutch government engaged in an 
intense debate as it formulated a new action plan to 
combat climate change. This resulted in the publication 
of the ‘Klimaatakkoord’ (Climate Agreement) in July, with 
the Netherlands setting itself a target to cut greenhouse 
gas emissions (primarily carbon dioxide) by almost half 
(49%) in 2030, compared to 1990. That is 48.7 megatons 
(48.7 billion kilograms) more than targeted by previous 
policy.
Arriving at this landmark agreement involved an intensive 
process of multi-stakeholder consultation, including five 
‘Climate Tables’ of energy sector players, three task 
groups and dozens of working groups. More than one 
hundred parties, including TenneT, were directly involved 
in the preparations. The result is an extensive package of 
agreements, measures and instruments that should reduce 
Dutch CO2 emissions by at least 49% by 2030.
Since the summer, a great deal of hard work has been 
done, within and between sectors, on a package of 
measures to put the Dutch government’s plans into 
action. The focus of this work follows three main areas: 
standardisation, pricing and subsidies. Cost is a recurring 
theme in all discussions, as the investments required to 
achieve the targets are high, but at the same time the 
government requires energy to remain affordable for all 
households. In addition, the competitive position of the 
Dutch business community must be maintained.
In Germany the Energiewende will rely heavily on 
renewable energy (particularly wind, photovoltaics, and 
hydroelectricity), energy efficiency, and energy demand 
management. Most, if not all, existing coal-fired generation 
capacity will need to be retired. The phase-out of Germany’s 
nuclear power stations, to be complete by 2022, is a key 
part of the program. The German government has set itself 
the ambition to reduce CO2 emission by 55% in 2030, 
compared to 1990. These targets go well beyond European 
Union legislation and the national policies of other European 
states.
As TenneT is a TSO covering large parts of Germany, we 
are adapting and upgrading our electricity infrastructure to 
play our part in facilitating the Energiewende. One of the 
obstacles we face is that attitudes to new infrastructure – 
such as the construction of power lines – varies between 
German states. 
Overall, the German public are well-informed and have 
strong views about the effects of the Energiewende on their 
lives, resulting in ongoing public debate. This makes the 
planning and execution of new construction more 
challenging. In this context, we feel it is our responsibility to 
be open and transparent and involve local communities and 
other stakeholders in the decision-making process as much 
as possible.
These investments are essential to achieve our over-
riding mission: to ensure that over 41 million end-users 
in the Netherlands and a large part in Germany have 
a secure supply of energy. With an investment portfolio 
of approximately EUR 35 billion over the next 10 years, 
involving onshore and offshore projects in both countries, 
we are working hard to provide a grid that meets society’s 
energy demands and helps government achieve ambitious 
climate targets.
Harnessing ground-breaking new technology plays an 
essential role in this, as well as working closely with industry 
partners. Green hydrogen (hydrogen produced as a result 
of the electrolysis of water, using renewably generated 
electricity) is one such solution, and is being increasingly 
considered as part of a sustainable energy mix. The key 
benefit of green hydrogen is that it can be stored, which 
means it can help balance the fluctuating supply of wind 
and solar electricity. TenneT has joined forces with Gasunie, 
which owns the Netherlands gas transmission network, to 
conduct studies into the use of green hydrogen in the future.
As we and others work to build an electricity system in the 
challenging years ahead, we will strive to keep the cost 
for society as low as possible. We will also involve our 
stakeholders – including local communities – at the earliest 
stage of our projects, thereby building social consensus for 
our construction activities.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
40
Our performance in 2018 | Engage stakeholders

Page 40:
Netherlands - Geertruidenberg
When TenneT began planning a new 380 kV connection 
between Rilland and Tilburg in the Netherlands, the Minister 
of Economic Affairs decided that the route would pass over 
part of the territory of the municipality of Geertruidenberg. 
The plan included placing sections of the existing above-
ground 150 kV connection, between Geertruidenberg and 
Waalwijk, partially underground. 
The Geertruidenberg town council was given the opportunity 
to decide the location of the underground cable. During 
the process, TenneT worked closely with the municipality, 
engaging local residents, landowners, provincial authorities, 
neighbourhood associations, water boards and nature 
organisations to find a consensus for the route of the cable 
and, where possible, making decisions together.
For example, two design workshops were organised 
involving representatives of various interest groups. During 
these, the possible locations for the new underground cable 
were considered, with the advantages and disadvantages of 
each one mapped out and discussed.
The workshop results were presented at an information 
evening for Geertruidenberg residents and landowners. 
We were very pleased with the turnout and the positive 
feedback received afterwards from attendees regarding 
this event.
Germany - Westküstenleitung
An example of our close connection with our stakeholders, is 
TenneT’s West Coast Line (Westküstenleitung) a 380 kV and 
140 km-long AC power line. Starting in Brunsbüttel, it will 
connect the German and the Danish electricity transmission 
systems (planned to be completed in 2022). The West 
Coast Line is on the European Commission’s list of Projects 
of Common Interest (PCI), as an important interconnector 
supporting the EU’s energy and climate policy.
In 11 community events, stakeholders were invited to 
receive information concerning TenneT’s building activities. 
Moreover, meetings with local communities and mayors 
were organised to find the most acceptable solutions for 
erecting pylons along the route as well as discussions on 
how to use local roads during construction in the, safest 
and most careful way. For the most northern part, between 
Klixbuell and the Danish border, TenneT has started the pre-
planning period with eight dialogue events, also involving the 
government of Schleswig-Holstein and representatives of all 
local districts.
Community dialogue
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
41


Page 41:
Operational performance
Financial
Securing supply and facilitating the integration of sustainable energy sources into 
the high-voltage grid require substantial investments and flexible access to equity. 
Over the next 10 years, TenneT expects to invest approximately EUR 35 billion in 
onshore and offshore grid connections. It is our role to ensure our capital expenditures 
are efficient and our responsibility to keep the costs of power transmission and system 
services as low as possible for end-users. We seek to balance the financial interests of 
our stakeholders with our obligation to ensure electricity remains affordable and 
available to all.
Results
In 2018, we issued additional Green Bonds and 
successfully signed a United States Private Placement 
(USPP) transaction to fund our extensive investment 
programme. We work with our regulators to ensure our 
investments are as efficient as possible with project-specific 
efficiency assessments and reference grid analyses, which 
had positive outcomes. In our LEAN and continuous 
improvement programme, we performed scans to gain a 
better insight into the drivers affecting our productivity and 
implemented over 100 improvement initiatives.
Underlying results
(EUR million) 2018 2017 Difference in € Diference in %
Revenue 4,176 3,948 228 6%
Operating expenses 3,439 3,119 320 10%
EBIT 806 897 -91 -10%
EBITDA 1,528 1,549 -21 -1%
Profit for the year 443 531 -88 -17%
Monitoring and managing the performance of our business 
is based on underlying financial information and not on 
IFRS-reported financials. Underlying financial information 
involves the recognition of regulatory receivables and 
payables, which – based on the current regulatory 
framework – can be recouped or are to be returned through 
future grid tariffs (see section 2 of our consolidated financial 
statements). Under IFRS, reimbursement/settlements 
through future grid tariffs may not be taken into account. 
As a result, the balance of any expense or income is not 
recognised as a regulatory asset or a liability under IFRS. 
Operating expenses
During 2018, rising grid and depreciation expenses 
from increased investments, caused our operating 
expenses to increase. In Germany, we had higher 
redispatch costs caused by bottlenecks due to grid 
investments of neighbouring TSOs as the expansion 
of wind energy plants forced us to temporarily 
suspend the feed-in of renewable energy sources. 
Cold reserve costs in Germany are lower due to decreased 
use of Austrian power plants caused by congestion 
management on the German-Austrian border.
In order to maintain the balance between supply and 
demand in the electricity transmission system, TenneT 
concluded contracts with electricity suppliers to obtain 
emergency reserve power. Due to an increase in the 
required volumes combined with higher prices, the costs for 
emergency reserve power increased in the Netherlands.
Operational performance
Financial
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
42
Our performance in 2018 | Financial

Page 42:
Revenues
2018
3,230
945 838
36
2017
3,122
35
TSO Netherlands
TSO Germany
Non-regulated
Revenue
EUR million
Regulation in the Netherlands and Germany compensate for 
the depreciation of our investments and allow us to make 
a return on the capital invested in our regulatory assets. 
As this asset base has grown in the past few years, this 
revenue increased in 2018.
Revenues are also influenced by regulatory decisions and 
changes. Following a CBb-decision in July, the Dutch 
regulator changed the regulatory treatment of system services 
back from a “budget-based” system to a “pass-through” 
system. This resulted in higher revenue compared to 2017. 
EBIT
806
819
155
897
742
EBIT excluding special items
Special items
2018 2017
EBIT
EUR million
-13
Underlying EBIT decreased from EUR 897 million in 2017 to 
EUR 806 million in 2018 which can mainly be explained by 
the special items in both years. The 2018 offshore 
reimbursement in Germany exceeding the actual costs 
considerably decreased compared to 2017. In addition, 
there have been smaller retrospective regulatory changes 
and a write-off of the Wintrack II assets to fair value, 
decreasing the 2018 EBIT.
The overall decrease in EBIT is partly compensated by the 
EBIT growth in our asset base, causing a higher return on 
capital in Euro terms. 
Investments
Capital expenditure (capex) totalled EUR 2,253 million 
in 2018. This is slightly less than planned, although 
represented an increase of approximately 30% compared to 
2017 (EUR 1,774 million). Investments increased mainly due 
to offshore projects in the Netherlands.
2,253
1,774
TSO Netherlands
TSO Germany
Non-regulated companies
2018 2017
Investments
EUR million
876
1,370
7
2
735
1,037
At the end of 2018, our main projects under construction are:
• Germany: BorWin3, DolWin6, SuedLink and 
SuedOstLink
• Netherlands: Randstad 380 and the 
“Net op Zee” (Borssele Alpha + Beta)
• Cross-border: COBRAcable (Netherlands - Denmark), 
NordLink (Germany - Norway), Hamburg Nord-Kassø 
(Germany - Denmark) and Westküstenleitung 
(Germany - Denmark)
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
43
Our performance in 2018 | Financial

Page 43:
We have updated our 10-year investment programme. 
At this moment, we expect to invest approximately 
EUR 35 billion in the next 10 years. Investments in the 
portfolio in the Netherlands amount to EUR 7 billion offshore 
and EUR 5.5 billion onshore. For Germany these amount 
to EUR 16 billion and EUR 7 billion respectively. The 
amount of these investments have increased approximately 
EUR 7 billion compared to the amount reported in our 2017 
integrated annual report. The main driver for this difference 
is related to Wind op Zee 2 (EUR 5 billion). Other factors 
causing this increase are related to changing planning 
of projects, inflation and increased investments in our 
existing grid. 
TenneT’s investment plans are strongly influenced by 
the climate ambitions and resulting energy agendas of 
the Netherlands and Germany, in particular as it relates 
to the timing and location of additional renewable energy 
sources. In addition, a wide range of ongoing technological 
developments, such as energy storage, energy conversion 
and digitalisation, may impact the energy system in 
general, and the operation, build-out and maintenance 
of the electricity grid specifically. This requires extensive 
scenario analysis and flexibility in the investment plans 
of TenneT, including regular reassessment of its entire 
investment portfolio.
For more detailed information on these and our other 
projects, please visit the dedicated project section of 
our website.
Return on invested capital
When measuring the value we deliver to our financial 
stakeholders, we use the rate of return on invested capital 
(ROIC) as our key performance indicator. Our target is 
based on an average of the long-term returns as stipulated 
in, or implied by, Dutch or German regulations. For 2018, 
ROIC decreased compared to 2017, due to our decreased 
EBIT (see “EBIT” paragraph for further details) and increased 
invested capital. The main driver for the decline is the 
(relative) decrease in allowed regulatory return on invested 
capital in the Netherlands. The ROIC of 5.9% significantly 
exceeded our minimum target of 4.1%.
(%)
5.9
7.1
2018
Target
2017
ROIC
4.1
0
Capital structure and financing
We seek to maintain a solid financial position, with sufficient 
flexibility and resilience to manage any necessary or 
required changes to our operations as well as any regulatory 
amendments. To carry out our extensive and ongoing 
investment programme, we need sufficient funding and full 
access to the financial markets under favourable conditions. 
Senior unsecured credit ratings for TenneT Holding B.V. 
remained unchanged in 2018 and were reaffirmed by 
Standard & Poor’s (A- / stable outlook) and Moody’s 
Investor Service (A3 / stable outlook).
CSR rating agency Oekom assessed our social, 
environmental and governance performance, resulting in our 
overall CSR rating remaining unchanged at level B (status 
Prime). In June 2018, we obtained a MSCI “A”-rating.
Equity
On 13 August 2018, the European investment Bank (EIB) 
purchased EUR 100 million hybrid securities, reaffirming its 
support for the NordLink interconnector between Germany 
and Norway, after the loans to TenneT and Statnett in 2017.
Net debt position
Our net debt position increased from EUR 7,687 million 
in 2017 to EUR 8,712 million in 2018. This mainly reflects 
the higher net funding provided for our capital investment 
programme.
In June 2018, TenneT successfully completed another 
green bond issue, worth EUR 1.25 billion, under its Green 
Bond programme. The issue was split into two tranches – 
a EUR 500 million tranche, with a 10-year maturity (coupon 
of 1.375%) and a EUR 750 million tranche with a 16-year 
maturity (coupon of 2.000%).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
44
Our performance in 2018 | Financial

Page 44:
In December 2018, we successfully signed an 
EUR 500 million United States Private Placement (USPP) 
transaction, consisting of a tranche of EUR 160 million, with 
a 10-year maturity (coupon of 1.610%) a EUR 295 million 
tranche with a 12-year maturity (coupon of 1.830%) and a 
tranche of EUR 45 million, with a 15-year maturity (coupon 
of 2.01%). The settlement is carried out at 24 January 2019. 
The green bonds relate to investments in the transmission 
of renewable electricity from offshore wind farms to the 
onshore electricity grid. The eleven offshore projects 
financed with the proceeds from the green bonds are 
examples of how we use green financing to invest in the 
infrastructure we need to support the energy transition.
For more information on our capital management policy, 
procedures and financial risks, see note 6 (Capital structure 
and financing) of our consolidated financial statements. 
For more information on our green bonds as included in our 
separate Green Finance Report.
As TenneT is set-up as a private company with a societal 
role, we need to carefully balance our financial and societal 
interests. 
We face the ongoing dilemma of balancing public demand 
for better electricity infrastructure with financial constraints. 
Because TenneT’s investments are mainly publicly funded, 
we ensure our investments in the high-voltage grid are 
efficient, as defined by the regulators. If the additional 
costs of a project cannot be recovered via grid fees, there 
are limits to how much TenneT can invest. For example, in 
2018, TenneT announced it would not press ahead with a 
pilot project to install a 3.4 km underground ‘super cable’ 
in the Dutch city of Enschede. The superconducting high-
voltage system would have had benefits for the city and was 
welcomed when announced, but further planning made it 
clear that the cost of such a project would be prohibitive.
For our solvability reference is made to note 6.1 of the 
consolidated financial statements.
Challenges
Challenge Action
Attracting equity & debt to finance investments facilitating 
the energy transition is an area of focus.
We have regular contact with our financial investors and 
are working on further broadening our green bond program 
and extending our investor base to the USPP . We are in 
discussions with our shareholder about the level and timing 
for payment of additional equity
Risks
The significant amount of investments requires additional 
equity to secure a sufficient credit rating. In parallel, 
investments by the Dutch state are critically assessed 
by society and politics. We work closely together with 
the Dutch Ministry of Finance and continuously work on 
alternative solutions for financing. 
Our revenues are based on the regulatory framework in 
the Netherlands and Germany. With the growing sentiment 
on the energy bill tension on the reimbursement system 
increases. Adverse changes in the regulatory system might 
impact our performance. For more information we refer to 
the regulatory risks in the risk paragraph.
Outlook
Looking ahead, we face the challenge of realising a very 
large investment portfolio. For the next ten years, we expect 
our asset base to keep growing, increasing our depreciation 
and revenues. This growth will also increase our operating 
expenses, as we work to attract more staff, leading to an 
increase of overhead costs. We plan to compensate for 
this rise through more focus on cost management and 
operational excellence by streamlining the organisation and 
improving our decision making processes.
Regulatory changes will also impact the development of 
our revenue. In Germany, revenue is expected to decrease 
due to unification of grid fees and a new offshore regulatory 
framework in which the operational expenses are treated 
as pass-through instead of a fixed percentage. In addition, 
there is a discussion on the regulatory treatment of the 
onshore operational expenses, which could impact future 
revenues. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
45
Our performance in 2018 | Financial

Page 45:
Non-financial
Transporting electricity and maintaining the security of electricity supply in a 
responsible manner are critically important for a modern, well-functioning society. 
We strive to make choices that benefit people and the 
planet, at the same time as generating an adequate return 
for our capital providers. In doing so, we not only aim to 
fulfil our company’s role, but also our responsibilities to our 
stakeholders and help to fulfil national and international 
agreements and goals, such as the UN SDGs. How we 
want to achieve this is set out in our Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) ambition plan 2025.
With this plan we aim to:
• Contribute to society, creating maximum impact for 
people working for us and impacted by us;
• Commit to the environment, avoid, minimise and 
compensate for our environmental impact on the planet;
• Ensure an affordable cost of electricity supply for society 
and an adequate return on capital for our capital 
providers.
Our CSR plan includes clear ambitions in seven areas where 
we believe we can make a difference. We have set, or are 
in the process of setting, key performance indicators (KPIs) 
and targets for each ambition area to demonstrate our 
progress to our stakeholders, showing how we are reducing 
our negative impacts, and maximising the positive ones. 
In this chapter we show how we address our responsibility 
as a company with regard to our people and planet 
ambition. Our performance against our profit ambition is 
presented in the financial section of our integrated annual 
report. 
Results
Our people ambition 
Non-Financial
SDG Impact area KPI identified Target 2018 2017 2016
Diversity
Percentage of female employees (headcount) 22% in 2023 22% 21% 22%
Percentage of newly hired females at management level 22% in 2023 29% N/A N/A
Percentage of female Executive and Supervisory Board 
members 30% in 2023 22% 20% 17%
Safety LTIF <1.8 in 2020 2.36 2.53 3.60
Society # Stakeholder engagement 1) 738 756 171
1 We are currently developing a new KPI for the society impact area.
We consider our employees to be our most valuable 
asset. They are essential to our ability to fulfil our purpose 
in society and live up to our promises and ambitions. 
This is why we aim to create a safe and inclusive working 
environment where our employees can thrive and perform to 
the best of their ability. 
Headcount 2018 2017 2016
Internal employees (headcount) 3,409 3,187 304%
External employees (headcount) 1,129 871 63100%
Non-financial
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
46
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 46:
As our business plays a role in helping society tackle 
far-reaching challenges – including the transition to a 
low-carbon economy – TenneT needs to attract a larger 
workforce. In 2018 our workforce grew from 3,187 to 3,409. 
However, recruiting talent is getting harder, particularly in 
the technology sector where there is strong competition for 
good people. To overcome this, we invested in initiatives 
such as the Power Minor – a module in which bachelor-
level students can learn more about technology and the 
energy sector. In 2018, this initiative was nominated for the 
Pro-Motor award, an annual award for innovative solutions 
where governments, companies and higher education work 
together. We have also invested in attracting female talent 
through university and career events.
Diversity
Diversity is an important area of our people ambition, as 
we strive to create an inclusive environment with equal 
opportunity for all. We recognise diversity in its wider 
sense – not only in terms of gender, religion and culture, 
but also socio-economic backgrounds, skills, knowledge, 
personality and experience. We believe that a diverse 
working environment helps us perform better as a company 
and deliver better value for our stakeholders and society. 
For now, we focus on gender diversity in our CSR ambition 
plan, as we believe we can improve on this front. We are 
not alone in our sector in facing this challenge, including 
at senior management level. In 2018, we saw positive 
developments for all of our diversity ambitions and in 2019, 
we intend to maintain this focus and momentum. That is 
why we have developed a diversity road map, outlining the 
steps we need to take to achieve our goals. These include 
building further diversity awareness and discussion around 
diversity within TenneT and further embedding it in our 
recruitment activities. We have introduced various initiatives 
to improve gender equality, including a female leadership 
training programme and diversity workshops in Germany 
and the Netherlands. We recognise it will take considerable 
time to make significant progress, but we are making 
progress here. Additional information can be found in our 
Supervisory Board report.
3,409 37 78% 22%
NationalitiesEmployees Male Female
Diversity at TenneT 
Letop! 
Deze diagrammen 
bevatten nog 
geen gegevens
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
47
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 47:
Safety 
We consider safety to be among the highest priorities for 
everyone who works for us, whether directly or indirectly. 
We are building a company-wide safety culture, introducing 
it to employees when they join the company, and reinforcing 
it on a daily. An example of this is further embedding the 
Safety Culture Ladder (SCL) – a NEN (Dutch Standardisation 
Institute) certification which allows us to assess the safety 
culture within a company. 
We request our suppliers to adhere to this standard. In 2018 
65 contractors were certified, with more expected in 2019. 
We also measure ourselves against this standard, which has 
resulted in a SCL level 3 certification. We have developed 
our Safety ambitions further in the new TenneT Safety Vision 
2022 (Act Safe, Stay Safe), which primarily focuses on 
Safety Leadership and Safety Execution. 
Recognising that our suppliers play a big part in our 
overall safety performance, we continue to seek dialogue 
and close cooperation with our suppliers on improving 
safety performance, by sharing best practices, working 
on joint programmes and creating a pro-active safety 
culture. Developing a safety culture starts with building 
a common awareness on all levels within the company. 
TenneT organises this by mobilising safety initiatives and 
awareness bottom up, and organising top down via 
Safety Leadership. In 2018 TenneT rolled out two Safety 
Leadership pilot programs within the Business Units Grid 
Service Offshore and Grid Service Onshore Netherlands, 
covering management and employees. Further roll out of 
Safety Leadership initiatives are embedded in TenneT Safety 
Vision 2022 and Safety Roadmap. 
To measure the impact of these efforts, we use the 
Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF). In 2018, this was 
2.36 which is an improvement compared to 2.53 in 
2017. Starting in 2019, we will replace LTIF as our key 
performance indicator (KPI) for safety with Total Recordable 
Incident Rate (TRIR) as it counts all incidents, not only 
the Lost Time Injuries. In 2018, the TRIR was 3.1.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
48
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 48:
Society
Our aim is to engage with all stakeholders impacted by our 
activity. We track this through the number of stakeholder 
engagements we hold during the year in local communities.
We are currently working on updating our goals and KPIs 
regarding this ambition. More on how we engaged with 
our stakeholders is disclosed in the Engage stakeholders 
section. 
Other people developments 
To be a sustainable employer of choice, we also support our 
employees in their personal and professional development, 
helping them to learn and grow, on and off the job. We do 
this through formal training, on-the-job learning and regular 
discussion and feedback. We organise leadership trainings 
for new potentials and career development workshops 
where we want to think together with our employees how 
we can ensure their employability. For instance, we discuss 
with employees in different stages of their life and working 
care on how we can enable them to continue working in a 
sustainable manner.
We also offer a competitive reward package. Currently 83% 
of our employees in the Netherlands and Germany are 
covered by our CLA. In December 2018, we reached a new 
agreement with a term of 18 months. In Germany, a new 
‘Vergütungstarifvertrag’ was also negotiated early 2018. 
This agreement ends in June 2019. 
Remuneration
Remuneration ratio 2018 2017 2016
Remuneration ratio 5.6 7.5 7.0
Our remuneration ratio, compares the organisation’s 
highest-paid individual to the median annual total 
compensation for all other employees. Due to the salary 
cap of our shareholder, the ratio in 2018 dropped to 5.6 
compared to 7.5 in 2017. In the appointment of our new 
CEO we have complied with our shareholders’ policy. The 
median of the annual total compensation did not change 
significantly this year.
Wellbeing
We consider employee wellbeing to be an important 
aspect, which is why we support initiatives that maintain a 
healthy balance, between body and mind. These include 
encouraging our people to stay active with a sports 
membership and to participate in our Always Energy health 
and vitality programme. In 2018, a number of workshops 
were held to help our people build and maintain a healthy 
body and mind. 
In our new Bayreuth campus in Germany, which opened 
in February 2018, we have built a designated active health 
facility, where health courses and trainings are offered. 
Our Planet ambition
Our Planet ambition relates to the actions we take to have 
a positive impact on the environment, while minimising our 
negative impact. In going about our business, we generate 
emissions, create waste, use non-renewable materials, 
and have an impact on the natural environment around us. 
This is why we have included three main impact areas in our 
Planet ambition: Climate, Circularity and Nature.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
49
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 49:
SDG Impact area KPI identified Target 2018 2017 2016
Climate CO2 footprint of our substations, 
offices and mobility (net emission in 
tonnes of CO2)
To be climate neutral for our 
substations, offices and mobility in 
2020.
2,037,122 2,095,129 1,709,354
To be fully climate neutral (SF6 
emissions, grid losses, energy use 
offices, stations and mobility of our 
employees) in 2025.
SF6 leakage (%) < 0.28% in 2020 0.30% 0.28% 0.38%
SF6 leakage (kg) < 1,106kg in 2020 1,069 934 1,248
Circularity
Reduction of virgin copper use
In 2025 25% less impact on virgin 
copper use 1) N/A N/A N/A
Reduction of non-recyclable waste
In 2025 25% less impact of  
non-recyclable waste 1) N/A N/A N/A
 Nature
(Net) impact on nature 2) Zero (net) impact on Nature in 2020 N/A N/A N/A
Oil leakages (litres)
50% reduction of oil leakage/uni00A0in 
2020, compared to 2017 6,379 6,860 2,087
1 Not applicable as 2020 will be our base year.  
2 This KPI is currently in progress.
Climate
Climate 2018 2017 2016
Gross carbon footprint (ton CO2e)/transported electricity (GWh) 10.5 10.8 9.3
Grid losses (GWh) 5,040 5,080 4,212
As we facilitate the energy transition, we work to protect 
against climate change by connecting more renewable 
energy sources. However, we also accept that through 
our infrastructure we are responsible for greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, which are mostly the result of electricity 
produced to compensate for grid losses in our network. The 
electricity we use in our own operations and some leakage 
of sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) – used as an insulating gas in 
high-voltage equipment – account for the majority of the 
remainder.
We will ‘green’ our electricity use with green certificates 
to the maximum extent permissible by law, we report a 
gross carbon footprint (without greening) and a net carbon 
footprint (with greening). As we work to minimise these 
factors, we are striving to become carbon neutral in 2025. 
To get there, we have set a milestone to be climate neutral 
for our substations, offices and mobility by 2020.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
50
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 50:
Carbon footprint breakdown
Travel and
transport
0.54%
Electricity
use stations
3.60%
Lease
vehicles
0.20%
Gas
consumption
0.04%
Electricity
use ofﬁces
0.16%
Grid losses
94.53%
SF6 leakage
0.93%
tonnes CO2e (gross) tonnes CO2e (net)
Indirect
Upstream
Indirect
Upstream
Direct
Own operations
To reach our climate goals, we save energy and green our 
consumption. We use Internal CO2 Pricing (also known 
as internal carbon pricing) to place a monetary value on 
greenhouse gas emissions. This allows us to factor the 
carbon cost (30 euros per tonne) into our investment 
decisions and business operations. This is especially 
useful when taking grid design decisions. With respect 
to leakage of SF6, a greenhouse gas that is over 20,000 
times more pollutive than CO2, we continue to experiment 
with replacement alternatives and have taken action to 
reduce leakage across our network. During 2018 we also 
introduced measures to green our energy at several of our 
substations and are in the process of installing solar panels 
at our Redwitz substation in Germany.
We also realise that unfortunate incidents might occur, 
where SF6 is leaked. In 2018, we have had an incident 
in Germany at our Siems substation, which is the main 
reason for the slight increase of percentage of SF6 leaked 
in 2018 (0.30% compared to 0,28% in 2017). We will keep 
focussing on our efforts to avoid leakage of SF6 in the next 
years to reduce our environmental impact and reach our 
2020 target.
Circularity
As a large player in the energy transition we use copper, 
steel, aluminium and many more materials to expand our 
grid. In working with these materials, we aim to reduce our 
impact taking our next steps with respect to circularity. For 
our raw material use, we focus on copper as it is expected 
to become scarce in the near future and we have a high 
dependency on it in our operations. Regarding our waste, 
we have set a new target (refer to the table above) to reduce 
non-recyclable waste as we want to contribute to closing 
the material loop.
To reach this goal, we have set a new target (refer to the 
table above) for our virgin copper use and non-recyclable 
waste, to reduce both by 25% in 2025 compared to 2020. 
To obtain insight into our current virgin copper use, we will 
apply a raw material passport in our tender procedures and 
identify all sources of waste. This will set the basis for our 
reference year 2020. Pilot projects are designed to make 
progress on these focus areas, including a 2018 project 
at our Emmeloord Zuidervaart station to identify the value 
of waste streams for re-use.
Nature
It is essential to consider, our impact on the environment. 
As our assets are located throughout the Netherlands and 
Germany, often in areas of natural beauty, we are aware our 
business has an impact on biodiversity, ecosystems and 
landscape. 
As a responsible company, we strive to reduce our negative 
impact while stimulating positive impacts. We have included 
our initiatives in this respect in our Green Charter. Examples 
include creating better nesting spaces for kestrels and owls 
and ‘insect hotels’ to improve biodiversity, two of these are 
located around our Arnhem and Bayreuth offices. Our Green 
Charter is regularly updated with new initiatives.
In addition, we work with external partners, including 
Natuurmonumenten and the Vlinderstichting, to care for the 
flora and fauna near our stations and cables. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
51
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 51:
For our offshore projects, we are working together with 
Stichting de Noordzee and Natuur & Milieu to join forces 
regarding the challenges at sea. Next to this, we are a 
member of the Renewables Grid Infrastructure, which is a 
unique collaboration of NGOs and Transmission System 
Operators (TSOs) from across Europe. The aim of this 
Initiative is to promote transparent, environmentally sensitive 
grid development to enable the further growth of renewable 
energy and the energy transition.
Commitment to nature 2018 2017 2016
Environmental incidents 55 44 58
Unfortunately, we sometimes encounter environmental 
incidents during our operations, such as oil leakages 
from our transformers and cables. This year, we had 55 
environmental incidents and 6,379 litres of litres of oil spilled. 
The environmental incidents have increased compared to 
2017, where we had 44 incidents. 
The oil leakages show a small decrease compared to last 
year, where we have reported 6,860 litres of oil leaked in 
2017 and this year this is 6,379 litres. We consider every 
incident to be one to many and are aiming to further reduce 
this in the next years.
Impact on our supply chain
Material extraction 
and production Construction Operation End of life
Impact on our supply chain
At TenneT our supply chain starts with the raw materials 
that are mined to eventually build and maintain our assets. 
Main raw materials are copper and aluminium, mining of 
these metals has negative environmental and social impact. 
We are aware of this impact and for that reason we start 
in 2019 with asking our suppliers to provide us with more 
insights in the raw materials they use, by a so called ‘raw 
material passport’. We purchase our components on 
world-wide markets and acknowledge that in other parts 
of the world different social and environmental standards 
may apply. Construction of our assets is being executed 
by local, national and international contractors. These 
activities impose risks for social and environmental aspects. 
For both our suppliers and contractors we request them 
to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. Assets are 
being operated and after reaching the end of their lifetime, 
we decommission our assets in a responsible way, e.g. by 
considering if it is possible to reuse the scarce materials 
used as much as possible. We strive to positively contribute 
to help improve the way other stakeholders in our supply 
chain act responsibly in doing their business.
To further ensure sustainable practices among our 
suppliers, we updated our Supplier Code of Conduct 
in 2018. The code has now also been extended to 
include more anti-corruption related content. We ask our 
suppliers and their subcontractors to commit to this code 
and standards that reduces environmental impact and 
support moral and ethical standards and which is based 
on the principles of the United Nations Global Compact 
(UNGC). TenneT has been a member of UNGC since 
2015 and our commitment includes our approach to 
human rights, which is particularly important in our supply 
chain. Our suppliers provide parts for our grid assets, e.g. 
power lines. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
52
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 52:
We want to be sure that none of these suppliers is involved, 
directly or indirectly, in child labour or any other human 
rights, ethical or environmental abuse. This is particularly 
crucial if suppliers work in countries where these types of 
abuse tend to occur more frequently. Our policy is to visit 
suppliers, ask them detailed questions on these issues 
and discuss with them how to make improvements where 
necessary. It is our policy that suppliers who fail to meet 
our standards will no longer be accepted. In 2018 we did 
not conduct any supplier visits, because no new framework 
contracts were signed. In 2019 we will execute these 
supplier visits, which will give us insights in the current CSR 
performance of our suppliers. 
We are currently working on a human rights scan in our 
supply chain. This will identify salient issues, helping us take 
necessary steps to address them. Based on the outcomes 
of this project, we will issue KPIs to track our progress. 
As part of our tender procedures, we ask our suppliers to 
adhere to the Supplier Code of Conduct. We are proud to 
help suppliers further enhance their sustainable working 
practices, contributing to better ways of working in 
our industry. 
A clear dilemma for our organisation is the realisation of our 
ambitious CSR plan while at the same time managing our 
investment portfolio and our ongoing operations. We realise 
this requires complex decision making in an already complex 
environment. This is however, the only way forward. We need 
to be smart in the way we execute our projects and at 
the same time live up to our CSR goals. This in the end, 
will deliver best value for people, planet and profit. In our 
decision-making process around investments, we already 
consider CSR aspects to guarantee the most sustainable 
decision. This is however, work in progress, since this is new 
to our people, which means that in our proposals we need to 
improve and in our decision making we need to take these 
aspects even far better into account.
Challenges
Challenge Action
Current labour market challenges with respect to attracting 
sufficient talent. This is becoming more and more difficult 
especially with respect to recruiting a futureproof workforce 
that has the right skills. There is a high demand within the 
market place for technically skilled talent which creates a 
challenge for us.
To make our workforce futureproof, we consider diversity 
to be an important element in our recruitement strategy. To 
attract sufficient and the right people, we increase 
interaction with potential employees, actively participating 
in career events and interacting with students during their 
studies. We invest in our future talent pipeline, which 
include initiatives to attract potential employees such as 
our International Trainee Programme and our High Voltage 
Trainee programme. Furthermore, we launched an 
employer branding campaign in the Bayreuth and Lehrte 
area to generate more awareness of TenneT.
Limits to the natural resources; in our regular course of 
business, we construct and maintain our assets. With this, 
we make use of natural resources such as copper and 
aluminium, which are becoming scarce, our challenge is to 
facilitate the energy transition whilst limiting our ecological 
footprint.
We are increasing our efforts to use the natural resources 
we need in our daily operations with maximum efficiency 
and to boost our circular ambitions. That is why we strive 
to reduce the use of virgin copper in our activities. We first 
focus on getting insight in our copper usage and we will 
use this information to determine proper actions to reach 
our goals.
As Tennet, we strive to make choices that contribute to a 
more sustainable future. The direct financial impact of 
these choices are a challenge as we need to balance this 
against ensuring affordable cost for society.
Investigate and identify opportunities where the business 
case is beneficial from both a short- and long-term value 
creation. Furthermore, we also aim to embed a broader 
sense of costs in our investment decisions, as we use 
carbon pricing to make sure we make choices that have 
considered both the financial bottom line, as well as a 
sustainable impact.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
53
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 53:
Risks
The world around us is changing fast, driven by megatrends 
such as resource scarcity, climate change and changing 
demographics. These factors create risks and also 
opportunities for TenneT. With respect to our investment 
portfolio, the availability of natural resources is a risk to 
successfully finalizing our projects as we use significant 
amounts of these resources, such as copper. 
Regarding climate change, physical risks such as extreme 
weather conditions can affect our assets and operations. 
For example, the drought in 2018 caused delays with 
respect to our projects, as supply vessels carrying essential 
parts were not able to navigate parts of the river Rhine. We 
have taken the first steps in incorporating core elements 
of recommended climate-related financial disclosures as 
described by the Taskforce for Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TFCD). These relate to our governance 
regarding CSR, which includes our ambitions towards 
climate. Furthermore, we have started to include climate-
related risk and opportunities in our annual risk identification 
and assessment process.
Also, we see that changing demographics have an impact 
on our workforce, as society and the labour market are 
changing. Life expectancy is higher than it used to be which 
could impact the average age of our workforce in the future. 
This creates some risk for TenneT in terms of succession 
planning and having the right skills available at the right time. 
Outlook
During 2018, we took significant steps to realise our 2025 
CSR ambition and we will continue to take additional steps 
in the years ahead to make sure we deliver on our promises. 
This includes working closely with our stakeholders to 
ensure we maintain a sustainable impact with respect 
to people, planet and profit. We are confident that our 
actions will make a difference, helping us execute our 
business activities in a more sustainable way. Since much 
of our impact is also located in our supply chain, upstream 
and downstream, cooperation with our supply chain 
stakeholders is essential.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
54
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 54:
Statements of the Executive Board
Statements of the Executive Board
The Executive Board is responsible for designing and operating TenneT’s risk 
management and internal control system, and for reviewing its effectiveness.
In control statement
The Executive Board is responsible for designing and 
operating TenneT’s risk management and internal control 
system, and for reviewing its effectiveness.
The risk management and internal control system consists 
of the following elements:
• The enterprise risk management system aimed to 
identify, analyse, define mitigating measures and monitor 
the development of risks relevant to TenneT;
• The internal control framework aimed to manage critical 
processes, including control self-assessments to 
document the effectiveness of their control processes;
• Business plans and quarterly reports with information on 
corporate objectives and their achievement;
• Internal audits of critical processes and discussions on 
the follow-up to audit findings with relevant management;
• A follow-up on recommendations made in the external 
auditor’s management letter;
• An internal Letter of Representation (LOR) process, 
resulting in a company-wide LOR signed by the 
Executive Board.
The Executive Board reviews and analyses the strategic, 
operational, financial and compliance risks to which TenneT 
is exposed. It also regularly assesses the design and 
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control 
system. The results of these assessments are shared with 
the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee, the Supervisory 
Board and the external auditor.
The risk management and internal control system does not 
provide absolute assurance that corporate objectives will be 
achieved, nor does it give absolute assurance that material 
errors, losses, fraud or violations of laws and regulations 
will not occur in the operational processes and/or the 
financial reporting.
With due regard to the above, the Executive Board is of the 
opinion that TenneT’s risk management and internal control 
system has established that the financial reporting does 
not contain any errors of material significance and that the 
risk management and internal control system has operated 
adequately in the year under review. 
Statement of responsibility 
We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the financial 
statements for the period 1 January to 31 December 2018 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted 
by the EU, and with Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code; that the disclosures in the financial statements are 
a true and fair view of TenneT’s assets, liabilities, financial 
position and results as a whole; and that the disclosures 
in the annual report give a true and fair review of TenneT’s 
performance, results and position, together with a 
description of the most significant risks and uncertainties 
we face. Furthermore, the Group has adequate resources 
to remain in operation and consequently the financial 
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. 
Arnhem, 18 February 2019
M.J.J. van Beek * 
B.G.M. Voorhorst * 
O. Jager * 
W. Breuer
* Statutory Director
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
55
Our performance in 2018 | Non-financial

Page 55:
Our Executive Board
M.J.J. (Manon) van Beek
Chair Executive Board / Chief Executive Officer
1970, Dutch
Initial appointment: 2018
Other positions qualitate qua:
• Chair of the Supervisory Board of TenneT TSO GmbH
Other positions:
• Chair Supervisory Board Kanker.nl foundation
• Chair Board Giving Back foundation
• Chair Board Refugee Talent Hub foundation
• Member Supervisory Board Topvrouw van het Jaar
B.G.M. (Ben) Voorhorst
Member of the Executive Board / Chief Operating Officer
1959, Dutch
Initial appointment: 2006
Other positions qualitate qua:
• Member Board TenneT TSO B.V.
• Member Board TenneT TSO GmbH
• President of ENTSO-E
• Member of the Board of Netbeheer Nederland
• Member of the Cooperation Board of TSCNET Services 
GmbH
• Member of the Supervisory Board of ETPA Holding B.V.
M.J.J. (Manon) van Beek
Chair Executive Board / Chief Executive Officer
B.G.M. (Ben) Voorhorst
Member of the Executive Board / Chief Operating Officer
Our Executive Board
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
56


Page 56:
O. (Otto) Jager
Member of the Executive Board / Chief Financial Officer
1970, Dutch
Initial appointment: 2013
Other positions qualitate qua:
• Member Board TenneT TSO B.V.
• Member Board TenneT TSO GmbH
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Relined B.V.
W. (Wilfried) Breuer
Member of the Executive Board
1965, German
Initial appointment: 2014
Other positions qualitate qua:
• Member Board TenneT TSO B.V.
• Member Board TenneT TSO GmbH
• Member Board TenneT Offshore GmbH
• Member of the German committee of CIGRE
• Member of the Administration Council of FGH eV
O. (Otto) Jager
Member of the Executive Board / Chief Financial Officer
W. (Wilfried) Breuer
Member of the Executive Board
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
57


Page 57:
Supervisory board report
Preface
In 2018, after a careful search, we selected a new CEO, Manon van Beek. This is 
a momentous change for TenneT. She succeeded Mel Kroon, who led TenneT for 
16 years growth and transformation. His leadership and vision have propelled TenneT 
from a mid-sized national TSO to a leader in North West Europe. Without Mel Kroon, 
we doubt TenneT would be the company it is today. We are fully confident that 
Manon van Beek is the right person in the right place and will lead TenneT through 
the next phase. 
The extensive search for Manon van Beek saw the 
Supervisory Board working very closely together. The 
Supervisory Board interviewed a shortlist of five candidates, 
in which Manon van Beek scored highly on the TenneT 
Leadership Profile, which addresses issues such as leading 
business, change, leading people and personal impact. 
The Supervisory Board valued her experience in the energy 
sector, as well as her understanding of the challenges 
TenneT faces, gained over two decades. She is a long-term 
strategic thinker, a crucial quality in a business like TenneT.
On top of the challenging task of finding a new CEO, the 
past year has been extremely busy at TenneT, and the year 
ahead will be no less so. TenneT is working flat out to secure 
a reliable electricity grid while dealing with the challenges 
presented by the large-scale inflow of renewables. 
Meanwhile, vital work continues to be done on several 
crucial investment projects. Besides providing transmission 
and system services, while facilitating a smooth-functioning 
electricity market, TenneT is playing a leading role in shaping 
an integrated European electricity market. Throughout all of 
this, TenneT remains focused and dedicated to its central 
purpose of safeguarding the safety and security of supply.
These are significant achievements, made possible by 
the hard work, dedication and continuous commitment of 
TenneT’s employees. We would like to thank them for this. 
Integrating renewable sources of energy into the grid, while 
keeping the flow of electricity balanced and stable, requires 
substantial investments and careful decision-making. As 
TenneT’s Supervisory Board, we are closely involved in this 
process, overseeing and advising the Executive Board on 
strategy as well as on operational performance. With a 
busy agenda there is the risk that there is only little time for 
reflection and informal dialogues. The Supervisory Board is 
aware of this and aims to address this.
Strategy
The five-year ‘Enabling the Change’ strategy (2015-2020) 
was the basis for the strategic orientation which Manon van 
Beek initiated when she took up her role. We welcomed the 
constructive dialogue on this strategic orientation which we 
had with the Executive Board at the end of 2018 and look 
forward to continuing this process, which should result in an 
updated strategy in 2019.
Supervisory Board report
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
58
Supervisory Board report

Page 58:
Deliver stakeholder value 
Operating in a stakeholder field where many different 
interests are at play, it is vital to stay in close contact with 
all stakeholder groups. These include our shareholder, 
the Dutch and German authorities, the general public, our 
customers, our suppliers, NGOs, politicians, regulators, 
investors, the media, other European TSOs and TenneT’s 
employees. Discussing alternatives and creating 
understanding and acceptance is crucial, as stakeholder 
interests are not always aligned. Everyone wants electricity, 
but not all welcome new lines in their area. We encouraged 
the company to transparently communicate trade-offs in this 
respect.
Engage stakeholders 
Weighing what residents want from their environment 
versus the need to build necessary infrastructure can be 
complicated. We welcome TenneT’s insistence on keeping 
all lines of communications open.
We were in frequent formal contact with our shareholder 
throughout 2018. These contacts regarded mainly the 
appointment of the new CEO and the financing of the 
company. Next to this there were occasions to meet in 
a more informal setting, such as at the opening of the 
interconnector Doetinchem-Wesel.
Secure supply
While undertaking substantial and complex investments 
to allow for the inflow of renewables in both Germany and 
the Netherlands, TenneT must continue to focus on the 
maintenance of its existing grid. Executing maintenance 
with minimum downtime and disruption was high on the 
agenda of the EB and therefore also in our focus this year. 
Strengthening the grid with new investments, building 
onshore and offshore grid connections and cross-border 
interconnector capacity are just as crucial to security of 
supply as perfectly executed maintenance.
The Supervisory Board carefully assesses the strategic, 
societal, financial, and technical aspects of investments and 
maintenance, in line with our mandate. We take a broad 
and long-term view, as these factors do not always work 
in the same way and can lead to different outcomes. The 
most attractive option from an environmental perspective for 
instance, may be too expensive. Besides these dilemmas, 
we also have to look at TenneT’s long-term investments in 
the context of a fast-changing market affected by the inflow 
of renewables and technological developments. We do not 
want TenneT to build too much and burden society with 
assets that then become obsolete.
Strategic Investment committee
Throughout the year, the Strategic Investment Committee 
reviews investment proposals above EUR 50 million and 
advises the Supervisory Board. The Strategic Investment 
Committee assesses whether a proposal is compatible with 
the company’s economic, financial, and technical objectives 
and the impact an investment will have on stakeholders. 
The dilemmas we discussed this year included issues such 
as the cost of grid expansion versus those of redispatch. 
The Strategic Investment Committee also monitors 
timeliness, quality, cost efficiency and the risks associated 
with large projects. In 2018, the committee met six times, 
each time incorporated in a plenary Supervisory Board 
meeting, because of the large investment portfolio at hand 
and due to the fact that the Supervisory Board is, with 
only four members, currently short staffed. The Strategic 
Investment Committee consists of Rien Zwitserloot, Laetitia 
Griffith and Pieter Verboom.
Lead NWE integration
Further integration of the North Western European markets, 
as well as upgrading the Dutch and German electricity 
grid, are necessary to ensure security of supply. TenneT 
is a thought leader in establishing a single European 
energy market and has more interconnectors in place 
across national borders than any other TSO in Europe. 
International cooperation and a high degree of onshore 
and offshore connectivity are crucial to realising the energy 
transition and securing an uninterrupted and cost-efficient 
supply of electricity. We believe that it is in society’s interest 
that TenneT and its North West European counterparts 
cooperate and expand their role of facilitating the energy 
transition. However balancing European goals with national 
security of supply interests can be challenging.
In this regard the Supervisory Board appreciates that 
Ben Voorhorst, COO of TenneT, is currently President of 
the European Network of Transmission System Operators, 
ENTSO-E.
The Supervisory Board has discussed the EC’s decision 
about the trading capacity available to the market between 
Germany and Western Denmark including the implication for 
TenneT.
Innovate business
Innovation is high on our list of priorities, particularly the 
innovation roadmap, innovation programs and the way 
TenneT structures and governs innovation. Achieving 
change in a corporate culture where reliability is highly 
valued can be challenging.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
59
Supervisory Board report

Page 59:
Operational performance
Financial
TenneT must weigh the financial interests of its capital 
providers against its duty to ensure security of supply. 
TenneT’s license to operate is rooted in securing electricity 
supply in its markets, while delivering optimal benefit to 
society in the most financially viable way.
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (“ARCC”) 
monitors the company’s financial reporting, including our 
quarterly and annual reports, financing, risk management 
and internal control, internal audit, the independent external 
audit of the financial statements and the evaluation of the 
external auditor.
The ARCC consisted of Pieter Verboom (Chair) and Ab van 
der Touw. The committee held four meetings attended by 
the CEO, the CFO, the senior manager for Internal Audit and 
the company’s external auditor. For relevant agenda topics, 
also the senior managers Financial Control and Business 
Control as well as the Compliance & Integrity Officers joined 
the meetings. As in previous years, the ARCC also spoke 
to the external auditor without the board being present. 
No additional material topics arose from these meetings. 
As in previous years, the CFO had multiple one-on-one 
meetings with the chair of the ARCC. The senior manager 
Internal Audit also met with the chair of the ARCC, to 
discuss the Audit Plan for 2019.
Management letter
The Management Letter was discussed with the external 
auditor and the EB in both the meeting of the ARCC as well 
as the plenary SB. The ARCC/SB noted that the external 
auditor observed in 2018 a stable control environment 
within TenneT. New policies, procedures and harmonisation 
initiatives between Germany and the Netherlands were 
implemented to strengthen the internal control environment. 
The internal control framework is a relevant element in 
supporting the ‘in control’ statement by management as 
included in the integrated annual report. TenneT is not best 
in class in this regard, leaving room for improvement. The 
ARCC/SB is of the opinion that the EB should determine the 
ultimate goal in this respect.
The following observations of the external auditor were 
discussed:
• Lead times in resolving internal control deficiencies can 
be improved.
• The Company is dependent on highly automated data 
flows. Application controls that are embedded in the 
processes are not yet included in the Internal Control 
Framework. The ARCC/SB adheres to the 
recommendation of the external auditor to embed the 
automated internal controls into the ICF and to appoint 
an owner for each automated control who needs to 
ensure and assess its operational effectiveness.
• Regarding the governance of the cross-country 
integration of the compliance and integrity function the 
ARCC/SB welcomed the repositioning of the German 
compliance and integrity officer directly under the lead 
compliance and integrity officer who reports to the CEO. 
Risk management
Individual interviews were conducted with the members 
of the Supervisory Board as part of the 2018 annual 
strategic risk assessment. The dilemma of accommodating 
the rapid growth of the company while simultaneously 
controlling risks was accepted as the basis for the strategic 
risk assessment. The Executive Board was responsible 
for finalising the set of strategic risks as mentioned in the 
section ‘Risk management and internal control’. Quarterly 
progress reports on large projects were reviewed by the 
Strategic Investment Committee and subsequently by the 
Supervisory Board. These focused on project management, 
with specific attention paid to timely delivery, risks of delays 
and interruptions, and the societal demands that could lead 
to delays and/or projects becoming more expensive.
Compliance and integrity
Compliance and integrity are matters that both require 
constant attention. The Supervisory Board met with both 
the Lead Compliance & Integrity Officer as well as the 
German Compliance & Integrity Officer. The Supervisory 
Board discussed the quarterly compliance and integrity 
reports. The Supervisory Board noted the implementation 
of the Corporate Policy on Conflict of Interest and included 
a reference to this policy in the Rules governing the 
Supervisory Board.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
60
Supervisory Board report

Page 60:
Financing
TenneT’s financial position, financing structure and overall 
financing plan were also assessed by the Supervisory 
Board, including shareholder objectives, the long-term 
continuity of the company and short-term liquidity needs. 
Topics included the financing structure of the TenneT 
Group, cash flow and liquidity forecasts, equity need and 
solutions and several debt financing instruments. The 
Supervisory Board also keeps a close eye on the balance 
between the shareholder’s focus on the Dutch investment 
portfolio and the equity needs for the entire TenneT Group. 
Given the company’s sizable investment programme, 
further equity will be needed to ensure continuing access 
to other financing. The necessity of an equity contribution 
has been thoroughly discussed and we welcomed the 
intention of the shareholder to present the possible equity 
funding scenarios to parliament in summer 2019.
Regulation
The Supervisory Board continues to discuss the implications 
of TenneT operating in a regulated environment in the 
Netherlands and in Germany. Ongoing relevant issues 
include striking a balance between regulatory optimisation 
and creating value for society and the concurrence of 
growing company profits and increasing grid tariffs. 
The Supervisory Board also discussed the (implications 
of) changes in the regulatory regime, such as the 
reimbursement of offshore operating expenses in Germany 
and the costs for Energy & Capacity in the Netherlands.
Integrated reporting and audit
TenneT’s financial statements for the 2017 financial year, the 
2018 internal quarterly reports and the 2018 interim results 
were all discussed by the Supervisory Board during the year. 
These meetings also covered the independent auditor’s 
report, the auditor’s management letter, internal audit 
reports, results from internal risk and control assessments, 
the 2019 budget and the medium-term plan 2019-2021.
Financial statements
The Supervisory Board has examined the Integrated 
Annual Report 2018, the financial statements 2018 and 
independent auditor’s report, the assurance report related 
to non-financial information, the auditor’s management 
letter and the audit results report issued by TenneT’s 
external auditor. This review is based on the Audit, Risk and 
Compliance Committee’s preparatory work and advice. As 
a result, the Supervisory Board endorses the documents 
and recommends that the General Meeting of Shareholders 
adopts the financial statements. 
The Supervisory Board recommends that the General 
Meeting of Shareholders discharges the Executive Board 
from liability in respect of its management of the company 
and releases the Supervisory Board from liability in respect 
of its supervision.
Non-financial
Planet
Although TenneT is facilitating the transition to green 
energy, its activities have an unavoidable impact on 
nature. As TenneT’s Supervisory Board, we are fully aware 
of our responsibility to protect the natural environment 
for future generations. TenneT’s Commitment to Nature 
vision underlines the company’s approach to biodiversity, 
ecosystems and the natural landscape.
People
TenneT’s people are at the heart of the company’s continued 
success and growth. The Supervisory Board aims to help 
create a safe, healthy, stimulating and energising workplace 
where TenneT employees can perform to the best of their 
abilities. Attracting the right people in an environment where 
talented technical specialists are scarce and empowering 
them to perform is crucial to TenneT’s ongoing success.
Safety
Safety at TenneT is an important area of focus for the 
Supervisory Board with TenneT’s safety performance, 
benchmarked against peers and overall best-performing 
companies. The Supervisory Board continued to closely 
monitor the implementation of TenneT’s Safety Vision 2018 
and discussed the safety track record of TenneT and its 
contractors. Suppliers not meeting TenneT’s safety targets 
are a major point of attention. During its meetings, the 
Supervisory Board discussed individual safety incidents, as 
well as the lessons learned and best practices from other 
industries.
Remuneration and Appointments Committee
The Remuneration and Appointments Committee (RAC) 
is tasked with the company’s remuneration policy and 
the remuneration of individual board members. The 
Remuneration and Appointments Committee also 
establishes criteria for (re)appointing new statutory Executive 
Board and Supervisory Board members and supervises the 
recruitment process. Furthermore, it is responsible for the 
management review and succession planning regarding the 
Executive Board.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
61
Supervisory Board report

Page 61:
Selection, appointments, 
remuneration and performance
Selection and succession concerning TenneT’s Executive 
Board are clearly an important task for the Supervisory 
Board. As part of this, the Supervisory Board conducts 
performance appraisals of the members of the Executive 
Board. The Remuneration and Appointments Committee 
gathers input for these appraisals during a Supervisory 
Board meeting not attended by the Executive Board. 
To gather more insight in Executive Board team dynamics 
as well as the individual functioning, the Supervisory 
Board members meet annually with individual Executive 
Board members. The Supervisory Board wholeheartedly 
supported the proposal of the Executive Board to have 
an Executive Board with only statutory members. Up to 
December 2018, the Executive Board existed of three 
statutory members and two titular members. As from 
2019 the Executive Board will consist of four statutory 
members: CEO Manon van Beek, CFO Otto Jager, COO 
Ben Voorhorst and a second COO-function. With regard to 
the latter the RAC started the selection and appointment 
process end of 2018.
Apart from assessing the performance of the Executive 
Board, the Supervisory Board also discussed the 
performance of TenneT’s wider senior management, 
including succession planning.
The RAC consists of Laetitia Griffith and Ab van der Touw 
and held six meetings, the majority of which were attended 
by the CEO. Discussions concerning the remuneration 
report were held in the presence of the CFO. Next to 
this the RAC played a crucial role in the search for a new 
CEO to replace Mel Kroon. In this framework the RAC was 
temporarily enlarged with Pieter Verboom. Furthermore the 
RAC was engaged in the transition period and handover to 
Manon van Beek.
In the second half year of 2018, the RAC started the 
process of selecting and nominating new members of the 
Supervisory Board. Many factors are considered, including 
the required expertise and background of its members.
During summer 2018, the shareholder re-appointed 
Rien Zwitserloot for a period of two years. In the past 
8 years (two terms of four years) Rien Zwitserloot has 
proven to be an asset to the Supervisory Board, with 
his in-depth knowledge of large (infrastructural) projects. 
In light of the many changes in the Supervisory Board, 
the Supervisory Board nominated Rien Zwitserloot for  
a re-appointment.
Diversity
TenneT aims for its Executive Board and Supervisory Board 
to be comprised of people from diverse backgrounds 
with a range of experience, skills and knowledge. TenneT 
values this diversity and believes it contributes positively 
to the way situations are assessed and decisions made. 
Bearing in mind the Dutch Civil Code and Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, the Supervisory Board set a gender 
diversity target of 30% female directors, both the Executive 
Board and the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board 
is aware that TenneT’s Executive Board still lacks gender 
diversity - despite the appointment of Manon van Beek as 
CEO. With Stephanie Hottenhuis leaving the Supervisory 
Board due to accepting a new executive position, the 
percentage of female representatives in our Supervisory 
Board is currently below our target of 30%.
Contact with the Works Council
Fostering good relations with the Works Council, which 
represents employee interests, is important to the 
Supervisory Board. As such, Laetitia Griffith regularly met 
with members of the Works Council during the year to 
keep abreast of employee issues and concerns. With 
regard to the selection and nomination of new Supervisory 
members, the Works Council decided to avail itself of its 
right of recommendation of a new Supervisory member. 
The Supervisory Board applauds this active engagement by 
the Works Council. 
The Supervisory Board welcomed the joint meeting it 
attended in November with the Works Council and the 
Executive Board because it presented a good opportunity 
for exchanging ideas on the future of the workforce.
Ongoing education
Newly appointed Supervisory Board members participate 
in a programme introducing them to TenneT’s key business 
areas. In October 2018, an in-depth workshop was held on 
the Dutch Climate Accord and its implications for TenneT. 
This meeting was combined with a visit to the High Voltage 
Lab of the Technical University in Delft.
Composition of the Supervisory Board
In 2018, the Supervisory Board said farewell to two 
distinguished members. In February, Aad Veenman 
retired as chair of the Supervisory Board after reaching 
the maximum number of three terms. We would like to 
thank Aad Veenman for his vital contribution during this 
crucial period of expansion for TenneT. From 22 February 
2018 through 1 June 2018 Pieter Verboom, the vice-
chairman of the Supervisory Board, acted as interim chair. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
62
Supervisory Board report

Page 62:
Ab van der Touw joined as the new chair of the Supervisory 
Board as of 1 June 2018.
To the regret of the Supervisory Board, Stephanie 
Hottenhuis stepped down as member of the Supervisory 
Board as of 1 August 2018, having accepted an 
incompatible executive position. The Supervisory is grateful 
for her contribution over the past five years.
With only four members, the Supervisory Board is currently 
understaffed. The Supervisory Board is acutely aware that 
it is not at full strength during a crucial time in TenneT’s 
development and is determined to remedy this within a 
reasonable time frame.
In accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code, all Supervisory Board members are independent. 
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board complies with the 
Electricity Act, which stipulates that the majority of its 
members have no direct or indirect links with legal entities 
(or shareholders thereof) engaged in the production, 
purchase or supply of electricity or gas.
In 2018, Laetitia Griffith joined the Aufsichtsrat of TenneT 
TSO GmbH, the German equivalent of the Supervisory 
Board. It was a legal requirement to enlarge the Aufsichtsrat, 
since the German business now has over 2000 employees.
For more information on the members of the Supervisory 
Board as well as the (re)appointment schedule, please visit 
our website.
Supervisory Board evaluation
The Supervisory Board evaluated its own performance at 
the end of 2018 with the support of an external consultant. 
The outcome will be discussed early 2019.
In 2018, Supervisory Board meetings ended with an 
evaluation of the meeting. Open feedback on topics such as 
setting the agenda, the quality of documents submitted, and 
the effectiveness and atmosphere of the meeting is valuable. 
Also the duration of the meetings was addressed, bearing in 
mind the range of topics that need to be discussed.
Corporate secretary
The Supervisory Board would like to thank the corporate 
secretary, Saskia van Rassel. Her contribution is greatly 
appreciated.
Supervisory Board meetings and 
other topics
In this report, we as a Supervisory Board aim to reflect the 
discussions held in 2018 during the Committee meetings 
as well as the six regular plenary meetings. All of these 
plenary meetings were attended by all Supervisory Board 
members. Also the committee meetings were attended by 
the members.
In our capacity as Supervisory Board, we have advised 
and overseen the policies of the Executive Board during 
2018, helping to ensure that TenneT continues to play a 
leading role in the fast-changing and challenging integrated 
European electricity market. We look forward to continuing 
our work in 2019.
Arnhem, 18 February 2019
Supervisory Board TenneT Holding B.V.
Ab van der Touw 
Pieter Verboom 
Laetitia Griffith 
Rien Zwitserloot
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
63
Supervisory Board report

Page 63:
Remuneration policy
The remuneration policy has been determined by the shareholder and is effective as of 
2011. The most important elements of the current remuneration policy are described 
below.
Employment market reference group
Remuneration for the directors of TenneT Holding B.V. 
(TenneT) has been set using a benchmark, a comparison 
with organisations competing in the same business and 
employment markets as TenneT. These organisations include:
• International transmission system operators (TSOs);
• Infrastructure operators;
• Installation specialists/engineering firms;
• Construction companies;
• Financial institutions.
The companies in the benchmark group are divided into 
three sub-groups, (semi) public (50%), private (25%) and 
international TSOs (25%). The remuneration norm for 
TenneT directors has been determined on the basis of 
the level of the (weighted) median of the subgroups and 
the specific responsibilities of the position concerned.
As part of its analysis, the shareholder tests the 
remuneration norm for TenneT directors against a group of 
reference companies relevant to TenneT, comprising 75% 
(semi) public and 25% private companies.
The Remuneration and Appointments Committee takes note 
of the individual Executive Board member’s view concerning 
the level and structure of their own remuneration.
Reference for the remuneration ratio is made to the  
non-financial chapter of ‘our performance’.
Remuneration norm
The benchmarking method as applied by TenneT results 
in a ‘norm’ level of remuneration for TenneT directors 
that exceeds the maximum desired by the shareholder 
of EUR 372,000 (as of 1 January 2018). The spread of 
the remuneration is measured by comparing CEO and 
median full-time salaries, including fixed salary, variable 
remuneration and pension benefits. This spread is disclosed 
in the Annual Report and taken into consideration for the 
remuneration policy.
On the appointment of a new statutory director, the 
Supervisory Board shall, at the request of the shareholder, 
limit the sum of fixed and variable remuneration to a 
maximum of EUR 372,000 (as of 1 January 2018).
If, in the opinion of the Supervisory Board, the maximum 
remuneration as required by the shareholder leads to 
unacceptable risks to the organisation because the available 
candidates do not have the right profile or necessary 
experience, the Supervisory Board shall consult the 
shareholder.
The Supervisory Board decides on the annual increase 
in the base salary. If the total remuneration of a statutory 
director has reached its maximum, further increases will be 
limited to the structural increments as agreed upon in the 
Collective labour agreement which is applicable to all Dutch 
TenneT employees.
Variable remuneration
To further encourage the achievement of the company’s 
objectives, part of the directors’ remuneration is linked 
to certain challenging targets. The variable remuneration 
criteria support the realisation of TenneT’s strategic 
objectives and therewith long term value creation. These are 
set in advance by the Supervisory Board and include those 
of a public or societal nature and focus on long term value 
creation. The annual variable remuneration of the company’s 
statutory directors is limited to 20% of their fixed annual 
salary.
Performance criteria fall into four categories: security of 
supply and safety, strategy, operations and finance. The 
comparative weighting of these performance categories 
varies from one year to the next, and differs according to 
the individual director’s portfolio. The criteria are a mix of 
quantitative and qualitative targets. Each category includes 
certain public or societal objectives, the attainment of 
which will account for no less than 20% of the total. If, 
within a reasonable period after determining the variable 
remuneration, it is established that the award needs to be 
adjusted as a result of factors unknown when the award 
was made, the Supervisory Board shall decide whether and 
the extent to which the award of the variable remuneration 
needs to be revised.
Remuneration policy
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
64
Supervisory Board report |  Remuneration policy

Page 64:
Service agreement and compensation for 
early termination
Directors are appointed as statutory directors for a period 
of four years. The total set of agreed employment terms 
and conditions is recorded in a service agreement for 
an undefined period. If the contract is terminated by the 
company within that period, compensation (‘severance pay’) 
will be limited to the equivalent of one year’s fixed salary. 
No severance pay is offered in case of voluntary leave or in 
the event of termination by the company for urgent cause.
Other allowances and secondary benefits
The total remuneration package for directors includes an 
appropriate and fiscally acceptable allowance for necessary 
expenses, the use of a lease car (of a type comparable 
to those provided to directors of similar organisations) 
including possible private use, accident and directors’ 
and officers’ liability insurance, and thirty days’ paid leave 
per annum.
Secondary benefits also include a nominal contribution 
towards health insurance premiums and the choice of other 
flexible individualised benefits as well as a percentage of the 
fixed salary in the form of an employer’s contribution to a 
life-course savings scheme. The percentage is established 
by the collective labour agreement. The above benefits 
are applicable to all TenneT employees in the Netherlands. 
The company does not extend loans, loan guarantees or 
advances against future earnings to any director.
Pensions
The directors participate in a pension regulation according 
to pension as defined in the collective labour agreement 
and as applicable for all employees in the Netherlands. 
The employers and employee contribution for the directors 
is the same as for all other employees. The applicable 
pension regulations define the pensionable salary up to 
EUR 105,075 (gross pension).
TenneT directors receive the same compensation as 
TenneT employees with an income above EUR 105,075. 
The compensation is based on the fiscally allowed age 
dependent premium percentages up to EUR 105,075. 
These percentages are also applied above EUR 105,075, 
to calculate the contributions. After tax, the resulting net 
contributions are paid to the directors.
Employment contracts of directors 
appointed before 2011
The current remuneration policy as described above does 
not affect the agreed employment terms and conditions of 
directors appointed before 2011.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
65
Supervisory Board report |  Remuneration policy

Page 65:
Board remuneration
The section on the board remuneration specifies the current remuneration for the 
statutory directors in 2018, their success at meeting set targets and the resulting 
awards of variable remuneration. The report also specifies the remuneration received 
by the members of the Supervisory Board. For further details on the remuneration 
policy click here.
Remuneration of the statutory directors
Total remuneration
2018 (in EUR thousand)
Fixed 
remuneration
Variable 
remuneration 
(annual)
Total 
remune-
ration
Gross 
Pension Net pension
Total 
pension Other
M.J.J. van Beek 1) 103 21 124 8 9 17 4
J.M. Kroon 2) 272 44 316 38 4) 150 4) 188 11
U.T.V. Keussen 3) 59 N/A 59 44 - 44 2
B.G.M. Voorhorst 276 48 324 23 31 54 19
O. Jager 269 49 318 23 23 46 19
Total 979 162 1,141 136 213 349 55
1 From 1 September 2018.  
2 January - September 2018, Mr. Kroon left TenneT 30 September 2018.  
3 January - February 2018, Mr. Keussen left TenneT 28 February 2018.  
4 Including a pension compensation of EUR 87,045 of his individual pension plan over the period October 2018 – June 2019.
2017 (in EUR thousand)
Fixed 
remuneration
Variable 
remuneration 
(annual)
Total 
remune-
ration
Gross 
Pension Net pension
Total 
pension Other
J.M. Kroon 355 71 426 681) 96 164 12
U.T.V. Keussen 351 65 416 107 N/A 107 5
B.G.M. Voorhorst 272 51 323 21 30 51 13
O. Jager 265 48 313 21 22 43 16
Total 1,243 235 1,478 217 148 365 46
1 Including individual pension plan NL/GER.
Fixed remuneration
In accordance with the indexation as of January 2018 for employees as determined by the collective labour agreement for 
TenneT, the salaries of all statutory directors will be indexed by 3% as of 1 January 2019. 
Variable remuneration
The Supervisory Board decided on the statutory directors’ variable payment realisation percentages over 2018 based on 
the achievement of present criteria. The realised percentages are included in the table below. The Supervisory Board has 
concluded that there are no current insights that might lead to the revision of the variable remuneration paid out in former 
years The Supervisory Board decided to grant the new CEO the full amount of variable remuneration over 2018 pro rata the 
time of employment.
Board remuneration
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
66
Supervisory Board report | Board remuneration

Page 66:
M.J.J. van Beek J.M. Kroon B.G.M. Voorhorst O. Jager
Realised Maximum Realised Maximum Realised Maximum Realised Maximum
Security of supply 20.0% 20.0% 14.3% 20.0% 14.3% 20.0% 14.3% 20.0%
Safety 15.0% 15.0% 13.8% 15.0% 13.8% 15.0% 13.8% 15.0%
Financial 15.0% 15.0% 15.0% 15.0% 15.0% 15.0% 15.0% 15.0%
People 10.0% 10.0% 0.0% 10.0% 10.0% 10.0% 10.0% 10.0%
Strategy 15.0% 15.0% 12.5% 15.0% 12.5% 15.0% 12.5% 15.0%
Operations
Individual targets 
depending on indivual 
board member’s 
portfolio 25.0% 25.0% 21.2% 25.0% 21.0% 25.0% 25.0% 25.0%
Total variable 
remuneration 
realised in 2018 100%1) 100.0% 76.8% 100.0% 86.6% 100.0% 90.6% 100.0%
1 Based on her contract, M.J.J. van Beek received 100% realisation of the targets over the period September – December 2018 
because she started during the second half of 2018.
The table below shows the realisation for the quantitative targets security of supply, safety and financial.
Weight Performance criteria Weight Target 1) Realised
15% Safety
LTIF Group 50% 1.8 2.36
Investigation Index Group 50% 100% 100%
20% Security of Supply
ASAIDI Germany Onshore 230/380 kV 40% 0 min 0.06 min 
ASAIDI Netherlands Onshore 230/380kv 25% 0 min 0 min
SAIDI NL Onshore 110/150kv 25% 2 min 5.50 min
ASAIDI Germany Offshore 10% 628 hours 483 hours
15% Financial
EBIT Group 50% EUR 736 milion EUR 806 milion
ROIC Group 50% 5.4% 5.9%
1 Target performance results in maximum pay-out.
As to the more qualitative criterias with respect to strategy, 
people and the operational targets the Supervisory Board 
concluded that most of the targets have been met. These 
targets are linked to long term value creation, for example 
a pilot launched and ready to start for a Frequency 
Restoration Reserve project using aggregation of reserves 
of small entities using new digital techniques; and achieving 
a company-wide productivity improvement (in terms of total 
workforce costs) through LEAN process improvement and 
LEAN decision making.
Pension cost
The pensions of all Dutch statutory directors are 
administered by the ABP Pension Fund. The pension 
accrual is based on an average pay system till the fiscal 
maximum (gross pension). Over the fixed remuneration 
above the fiscal maximum the Dutch statutory directors can 
participate in a net pension system.
Besides the ABP pension, additional pension was accrued 
for the former CEO to facilitate retirement at 61 years of 
age, under a non-contributory pension plan based on 
total income, agreed when he joined the company. Over 
the period October 2018 – June 2019 the CEO received 
a compensation of EUR 87,045 as part of his individual 
pension plan as mentioned before. TenneT paid a tax 
amount of EUR 241,000 to the Dutch tax authorities for the 
contractual pre-pension plan of the former CEO as a result 
of a change in the tax regime.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
67
Supervisory Board report | Board remuneration

Page 67:
Pension accruals considering the German income of the 
Dutch statutory directors based on the German activities 
are organised in a standard defined contribution contract 
with Swiss Life. The pension entitlements of the German 
vice-chair are based on the so-called Beitragsplan, a 
company agreement applicable for all employees of TenneT 
in Germany.
Based on an agreement with the Supervisory Board, the 
former CEO was entitled to acquire leave days as of 2010. 
The costs of these leave days have been accrued annually. 
The value of the acquired leave days of the former CEO 
in 2018 was EUR 17,280 (2017: EUR 25,545). Upon the 
departure of the former CEO in 2018, the accrued but 
unused leave day obligation of EUR 115,000 was paid 
out to him. The settled leave days are not included in the 
remuneration table.       
Other allowances and secondary benefits
All statutory directors use a company car, the value of the 
private use of this car as shown in the table is based on 
the taxable value in the domestic country. In addition, with 
respect to the private use of leased vehicles, the customary 
addition to taxable income is applicable for personal income 
tax purposes. The company does not reimburse its directors 
for any personal income tax consequence resulting from the 
private use of leased cars.
For the Dutch statutory directors the secondary benefits as 
included in the remuneration table, includes the contribution 
to the life-course savings scheme based on the collective 
labour agreement, a contribution to health insurance and a 
budget for flexible terms of employment.
Each statutory director received a monthly allowance 
for necessary business expenses, of EUR 2,196 a year. 
This monthly allowance is not included in the table as it is a 
compensation of costs and not a remuneration component. 
The total remuneration paid to the statutory directors is 
reconciled to and further disclosed in the note 3.2.2 of the 
consolidated financial statements.
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board
The remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board defines 
the remuneration for the different roles and committees of 
the Supervisory Board. Each Supervisory Board member 
is either a member or chair of one or two committees. 
To establish a link between the Supervisory Board and the 
Aufsichtsrat of TenneT TSO GmbH, two of the members of 
the Supervisory Board are also members of the Aufsichtsrat.
The responsibilities on the committees are as follows:
Supervisory 
Board
Audit,  
Risk and 
Compliance 
Committee
Remuneration 
and 
Appointments 
Committee
Strategic 
Investments 
Committee
Aufsichtsrat 
TenneT TSO 
GmbH
A.F. van der Touw 1) Chair Member Member
A.W. Veenman 2) Chair Member Member
P .M. Verboom
Vice-chair 
Chair 3) Chair Member 4) Member
R.G.M. Zwitsersloot Member Chair Member
S. Hottenhuis 5) Member Member 4) Chair
L.J. Griffith Member Chair 7) Member 2) Member 6)
1 Started from June 2018.  
2 End on February 2018.  
3 During the period March - May chair of the Supervisory Board.  
4 January - May 2018.  
5 Mrs. Hottenhuis resigned in July 2018 because of her assignment at KPMG.  
6 Member since October 2018.  
7 Chair since June 2018, before member.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
68
Supervisory Board report | Board remuneration

Page 68:
The shareholder decided to introduce an annual indexation of the Supervisory Board remuneration following the collective 
labour agreement, as of 1 January 2015. The Supervisory Board remuneration was indexed by 1.5% as of 1 January 2018 
and will be indexed by 3% as of 1 January 2019. The remuneration was as follows in 2018:
(EUR)
Chair 28,257 per annum
Vice-chair 22,726 per annum
Member 20,281 per annum
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee 6,756 per annum
Remuneration and Appointment Committee 5,343 per annum
Strategic Investment Committee 5,343 per annum
Aufsichtsrat TenneT TSO GmbH 5,500 per annum
The total remuneration received by members of the Supervisory Board in 2018 was as follows:
2018 2017
(in EUR thousand)
Fixed 
remuneration
Committee 
fee Total
Fixed 
remuneration
Committee 
fee Total
A.F. van der Touw 16 7 23 - - -
A.W. Veenman 5 2 7 28 12 40
P .M. Verboom 24 14 38 22 9 31
R.G.M. Zwitserloot 20 11 31 20 11 31
S. Hottenhuis 12 7 19 20 5 25
L.J. Griffith 20 7 27 20 5 25
J.L.M. Fisher - - - 15 4 19
Total 97 48 145 125 46 171
The impact of changes in positions during 2018 on the remuneration of the Supervisory Board are reflected in the table above.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
69
Supervisory Board report | Board remuneration

Page 69:
Our Supervisory Board
A.F. (Ab) van der Touw
Chair Supervisory Board /  
Member of the audit, Risk and Compliance committee / 
Member remuneration- and appointments committee 
1955, Dutch
Initial appointment: 1 June 2018
End of first term: 1 June 2022
Principal position:
• Former CEO Siemens Nederland (until 1 April 2019)
Other positions:
• Vice-president Executive Committee VNO/NCW
• Vice-president Board Deutsch-Niederländische 
Handelskammer
• Chair Supervisory Board Universiteit Leiden
• Chair Board Dutch Bach Association
• Chair Board Fonds Slachtofferhulp
• Chair Supervisory Board NIBA
• Member Board GAK Foundation
• (External) member Ondernemingskamer 
Gerechtshof ’s Gravenhage
P.M. (Pieter) Verboom
Vice President Supervisory Board /  
Chair Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee / 
Member Strategic Investments Committee 
1950, Dutch
Initial appointment: 18 September 2012
End of second term: 18 September 2020
Principal position:
• Former CFO of RFS Holland Holding
• Former Executive Vice President and  
CFO of Schiphol Group
Other positions:
• Chair of the Curatorium Master Register Controllers 
and Advisor Programme ‘The new CFO’ 
(Erasmus University Rotterdam)
• Expert lay member of the Dutch Enterprise Court
• Member of the Advisory Board of NIBC 
• (until 1 September 2018)
• Chair of the Supervisory Board and member of 
the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee  
of Ampelmann Operations B.V. (until 1 May 2018)
A.F. (Ab) van der Touw
Chair of the Supervisory Board
P.M. (Pieter) Verboom
Vice-chair of the Supervisory Board
Our Supervisory Board
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
70


Page 70:
R.G.M. (Rien) Zwitserloot
Member of the Supervisory Board /  
Chair of the Strategic Investments Committee
1949, Dutch
Initial appointment: 24 November 2010
End of third term: 24 November 2020
Principal position:
• Former CEO of Wintershall AG
Other positions:
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Royal VOPAK N.V.
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Amsterdam Capital 
Trading Group B.V.
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Vroon B.V.
L.J. (Laetitia) Griffith
Member Supervisory Board /  
Chair Remuneration and Appointment committee /  
Member Strategic Investments committee /  
Member Aufsichtsrat TenneT TSO GmbH
1965, Dutch
Initial appointment: 1 July 2015
End of first term: 1 July 2019
Principal position:
• Former state councillor in the advisory division of 
the Dutch Council of State
Other positions:
• Vice-chair of the Supervisory Board of KPMG
• Chair of the Supervisory Board of Holding Nationale 
Goede Doelen Loterijen
• Chair of the Dutch security industry association 
Nederlandse Veiligheidsbranche
• Member of the Board of VNO-NCW
• Chair of the Board of the Netherlands Film Fund
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Gassan Diamonds B.V.
R.G.M. (Rien) Zwitserloot
Member of the Supervisory Board
L.J. (Laetitia) Griffith
Member of the Supervisory Board
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
71


Page 71:
Corporate governance
As a transmission system operator, TenneT plays an important role in society. 
We believe in having a good governance structure, effective oversight and a 
transparent accountability to all stakeholders. To that end, we comply with the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code (hereafter: the Code), insofar as the Code is applicable.
Corporate governance structure
TenneT’s corporate governance structure comprises the 
Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and the General 
Meeting of Shareholders. Our internal auditor and external 
auditor also play an important role in this structure.
Executive Board
The Executive Board of TenneT Holding B.V. has three 
statutory and one non-statutory directors. The Executive 
Board members have joint authority to represent the 
company. Each board member also holds limited individual 
power of attorney. Two members of the Executive Board 
of TenneT Holding B.V. are managing directors of TenneT 
TSO B.V., two other members of the Executive Board 
are managing directors of TenneT TSO GmbH and one 
of these two other members is managing director of 
TenneT Offshore GmbH.
The Executive Board is responsible for TenneT’s general 
policies and strategy, which includes regulated and 
unregulated activities.
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board of TenneT Holding B.V. oversees 
TenneT’s general policies and strategy. It carries out its 
duties in the interests of the company and its stakeholders, 
and also takes into account relevant aspects of corporate 
social responsibility. TenneT has a two-tier board structure, 
as specified in the Electricity Act.
All information about the Supervisory Board (such as its 
rules and resignation schedule) is available on our corporate 
website.
General Meeting of Shareholders
All shares in TenneT’s capital are held by the Dutch state, 
which is represented by the Ministry of Finance. Under the 
Electricity Act, only the Dutch state may hold voting interests 
in the company. A General Meeting of Shareholders is 
held within six months of the end of each financial year. 
The agenda for this meeting includes a discussion of the 
integrated annual report, the adoption of the financial 
statements, and a dividend proposal. The meeting also 
discharges the Executive Board and Supervisory Board 
members from liability from their respective activities in the 
past year. Other shareholder meetings are held as and when 
deemed necessary by the Executive Board, Supervisory 
Board or shareholder.
External auditor 
The General Meeting of Shareholders has the power to 
appoint external auditors to audit the financial statements 
prepared by the Executive Board. 
Governance and risk management
Governance and risk management
Corporate governance
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
72
Governance and risk management |  Corporate governance

Page 72:
These auditors report to the Supervisory Board and 
the Executive Board, and their findings are presented 
in an independent auditor’s report, an assurance report, 
a management letter and an audit results report. 
The performance of the external auditors is evaluated by 
the Executive Board and the Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Committee and, if necessary, also by the Supervisory Board.
The external auditors attend meetings of the Audit, Risk 
and Compliance Committee. They also attend Supervisory 
Board meetings when the independent auditor’s report 
on the financial statements is discussed and the financial 
statements approved.
Internal auditor 
The internal auditor attends all meetings of the Audit, Risk 
and Compliance Committee.
Compliance & integrity officers
TenneT has a lead compliancy & integrity and a loacal 
comliance & integrity officer. A summary of the compliance 
and integrity cases is shared and discussed with the Audit, 
Risk and Compliance Committee.
Related parties
Related party transactions are disclosed in note 7.3 to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
Diversity
Diversity is disclosed in the Supervisory Board report.
Deviations from the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code
Certain principles and best-practice provisions in the Code 
do not apply to TenneT. The reasons why and to what extent 
TenneT decided not to or could not adopt these particular 
principles and best-practice provisions are explained below:
2.1.3, 3.1.3: Not applicable: no Executive Committee has 
been established at TenneT.
2.3.8: Not applicable: no delegated Supervisory Board 
member is employed by TenneT.
2.3.2: If the Supervisory Board has more than four 
members, the Code stipulates that the board shall 
appoint from among its members an Audit Committee, 
a Remuneration Committee, and a Selection and 
Appointments Committee. The TenneT Supervisory Board 
has combined the tasks of the latter two committees into a 
Remuneration and Appointments Committee.
2.7.5 - 2.8.3, 3.3.2, 3.3.3: Not applicable: these provisions 
do not apply to TenneT because it only has one shareholder, 
namely the Dutch state.
Chapter 4: Most paragraphs are not applicable to TenneT 
because it only has one shareholder, namely the Dutch 
state. Regarding all other paragraphs, TenneT complies with 
the Code.
Chapter 5: Not applicable, given TenneT’s two-tier structure, 
this chapter is not applicable.
Governance and risk management
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
73
Governance and risk management |  Corporate governance

Page 73:
Risk management and internal control
Risk management and internal control are at the heart of every effective management 
control system, including TenneT’s.
Risk management and internal 
control objectives
With our Risk management and Internal Control System we 
aim to identify and manage any risks threatening realisation 
of TenneT’s strategic and operational objectives, as well as 
enhance the control we have over our day-to-day processes.
The key objectives of TenneT’s risk management and 
internal control system are:
• Identification and assessment of future events with 
negative or positive impact on strategic, operational, 
process and/or project objectives
• Creating risk awareness and open corporate culture 
to address risks and opportunities
• Providing a uniform risk management process and tools 
to help the organisation making decisions based on 
consolidated, timely, relevant and reliable information 
to ensure efficient priority based resource allocation
• Providing transparency and comfort to the boards, 
internal and external auditor as well as shareholder that 
they are apprised of the most significant risks potentially 
impacting shareholder value, non-compliance issues 
and/or increasing director and officer’s liability
TenneT’s Enterprise Risk Management and Internal 
Control Framework are based on the latest COSO model 
(Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission) and are compliant with the requirements 
of applicable laws and regulations, e.g. Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, German Control and Transparency in 
Business Act and the German Accounting Law Reform Act.
ERM is clustered in:
• Strategic risk management
• Operational risk management including risk and portfolio 
management with respect to asset management
• Project risk management and
• Internal Control (process risk management)
TenneT
goals
Department
goals
Process
goals
Project
goals
Vision, mission, strategic planStrategic risk management
Mid-term plan
Operational risk management
(including risk & portfolio 
management)
Process description/
Project plan
Internal control/
Project risk
management
Different levels of goals and ownership face different types of risks which are interrelated.
Risk management and internal control
Risk management and internal control
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
74
Governance and risk management | Risk management and internal control

Page 74:
Therefore the following factors to unfold full value of risk 
management and internal control for the organisation are 
designed according to the stakeholder requirements:
• Structure: policies, IT-systems, reports, processes, etc.
• People: roles and accountabilities, profile, education and 
skills, etc.
• Competencies: risk culture and competence on 
management level, etc.
Stakeholder
Requirements
Structure
People
Competencies
• Risk competence
• Culture and behavior
• Roles
• Accountabilities
• Rewards & Sanctions
• Policy
• IT-system
• Training & processes
• Strategic objectives
• Operational Targets
• Project Targets
• Process Targets
Key factors of Risk Management Framework
Risk management as second line of defence function is 
interlinked with other 2nd line functions like risk transfer, 
Business Control, Project Control and Compliance 
Officer as well as third line functions, e.g. Internal Audit. 
Twice a year the Executive and Supervisory Boards receive 
an overview of risks on all company levels. These risk 
reports include the status of internal controls as part of 
the risk management reporting. This provides management 
with the necessary means to realise an effective risk 
management strategy.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
75
Governance and risk management | Risk management and internal control

Page 75:
Three lines of defence
Executive Board Oversight
1st Line
of Defence
2nd Line
of Defence
3rd Line
of Defence
Supervisory Board (ARCC) Oversight
Own and manage  
risk and control  
(front line operating 
management).
Monitor risk and 
control in support  
of management  
(risk, control, and 
compliance functions 
put in place by 
management).
Provide independent 
assurance to the 
executive board and 
supervisory board 
concerning the 
effectiveness of Lines 
1 & 2 (internal audit).
Risk & Control
Business Control
Others
Internal
Audit
Compliance
& Integrity
External
Audit
Provide independent 
assurance concerning  
effectiveness of Lines 
1, 2 & 3 as far as 
relevant (external 
audit).
Business
Management
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
76
Governance and risk management | Risk management and internal control

Page 76:
Risk management and internal control framework
Strategic risk management (SRM)
SRM focusses on future events which may influence 
strategic objectives in positive or negative ways. The 
Executive Board evaluates the risks as they develop as 
well as the effectiveness of applicable mitigating actions. 
TenneT’s strategic risk position is shared and discussed 
with the Supervisory Board and the Audit, Risk and 
Compliance Committee.
In 2018 the strategic risks assessment, performed as 
Executive Board interviews, was split into three different 
strategic risk dimensions to ensure a broad view and the 
future perspective of strategic objectives. These dimensions 
include events in the current playing field, events that tilt the 
current and events that could even create new playing fields 
for TenneT as TSO. Additionally, discussion on opportunities 
was strengthened.
Operational risk management (ORM)
The operational risks affecting the various business units 
and corporate departments are documented and evaluated 
to assess the adequacy of mitigating actions at least 
twice a year. TenneT’s Corporate Risk Management & 
Internal Control department challenges the organisation 
to review its risks and related mitigating actions. TenneT’s 
updated operational risk position is part of the Letter of 
Representation (LoR).
Risk & portfolio management
Furthermore to strengthen the security of supply TenneT’s 
asset management uses condition monitoring and risk 
based assessments to plan maintenance and investments. 
Grid constraints are identified by analysing grid components 
and failures and by monitoring the necessary transport 
capacity. These constraints are assessed according to 
the risk they pose to TenneT’s objectives. Should the risk 
exceed a predefined level, a measure to mitigate this risk is 
proposed and included in our investment portfolio.
Project risk management (PRM)
To face challenges of the enormous investment portfolio 
and derived objectives around ten years ago TenneT started 
to implement project risk management, first with a focus 
on large projects. PRM aims at enhancing the chance of 
realising project goals on time, budget and quality. 
For all large projects, dedicated project risk managers 
review and manage risks together with project leads 
systematically within the quality and uniformity standards 
safeguarding by corporate risk management.
Other Risk Management activities
Risk Management process is more and more integrated 
in day to day decision making processes. For example in 
management and board decision submissions, risks and 
alternatives have to be named and assessed.
TenneT introduced Lean Management to work on the 
efficiency of processes. Those improvement projects follow 
the DMAIC steps. In the “Definition” phase as well as 
“Improve” phase risks have to be identified and assessed. 
Certified green belts and black belt ensure the quality.
Internal control (IC)
Our internal control framework is designed to support and 
safeguard the realisation of our process objectives, as well 
as fulfil our legal obligations and establish the reliability 
of our internal and external reporting. To assess the 
effectiveness of this framework and identify opportunities 
for improvement, a control self-assessment is performed 
by control owners and validated by management twice a 
year. Risk Management & Internal Control performs quality 
assessments on the outcomes. Internal Audit checks 
randomly selected self-assessments during the year to 
form an independent opinion. The outcomes of these 
control self-assessments are direct input for the Letter of 
Representation procedure. Identified issues are reported to 
Risk Management & Internal Control, which monitors and 
follows up on mitigating steps with the relevant business 
owners. Overall control effectiveness is reported in our State 
of Risk report.
As a direct result of the integrated approach IC framework, 
IC developed in 2018 from country specific frameworks 
to one harmonised leading Corporate Internal Control 
Framework. Focus of our framework is continuing to 
gradually shift from a core finance perspective towards 
a business objective driven approach with the inclusion 
of core business- and additionally non-financial reporting 
processes.
Risk management and internal control framework
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
77
Governance and risk management | Risk management and internal control framework

Page 77:
Compliance and integrity
TenneT provides all parties with guaranteed, non-discriminatory access  
to our transmission grid.
Preventing potential fraud, bribery & corruption is part of 
our compliance & integrity system. Detecting potential 
breaches is part of all our internal audits and compliance & 
integrity investigations. Guidance in the form of corporate 
policies (i.e. Supplier Code of Conduct, Policy on Gifts & 
Hospitality, Whistleblowing Policy, Conflict of Interest Policy 
and Investigation Policy), effective communication and 
training sessions on compliance & integrity awareness help 
to protect TenneT, our employees and the society against 
economic and reputational harm.
As part of our compliance management system - besides 
the presence of regional Compliance & Integrity Officers 
in the Netherlands and in Germany - TenneT has set up a 
compliance & integrity committee that deals with compliance 
and integrity issues, comprising members from relevant 
functions (Risk Management & Internal Control, Internal 
Audit, Corporate Safety & Security, Human Resources 
Corporate, trusted counsellors and Compliance & Integrity 
officers). The objective of our Compliance & Integrity 
Committee is to share company information on compliance 
and integrity risks detected by the above mentioned officers 
and/or departments, raise awareness about these risks 
and remediate them by taking action on the detected 
risks. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2018, TenneT 
has initiated a project to align the existing compliance 
management system with the ISO 19600, a best practice 
for international Compliance Management Systems
TenneT also has an external committee that deals with 
sexual harassment, a whistleblowing policy and a procedure 
for internal and external compliance and integrity issues. 
In the Netherlands, employees can report any concerns 
confidentially to either a trusted counsellor or a compliance 
& integrity officer, and if the concerns relate to sexual 
harassment or violence, they can report them to the 
committee dealing with sexual harassment. In Germany, 
employees can report these concerns to their compliance 
& integrity officer and the works council. In addition, 
employees as well as external parties can report compliance 
and integrity issues through an independent whistleblowing 
portal freely accessible on the internet.
To assure compliance with financial regulatory obligations 
(MiFID II, MAR), TenneT has finalised legal assessments, 
updated its publication and disclosure protocol and insider 
trading regulations, which prohibit any form of trading with 
inside information. Furthermore, the insider trading list has 
been updated and the Corporate Supplier Code of Conduct 
has been updated.
In 2018, eighteen compliance cases were reported. Two of 
these alleged violations were reported via the whistleblowing 
portal. Five cases resulted in compliance investigations. 
After initial assessment the other cases did not give rise to 
a compliance investigation
No fraud, bribery nor corruption breaches with material 
impact were identified by TenneT in 2018. Material impact 
is defined in our risk matrix by a severe breach that has 
a significant adverse effect on TenneT’s reputation and/or 
financial position.
With respect to compliance, in the Netherlands a renewed 
building decision is in place, which refers to the NEN 8700 
with stricter requirements regarding some foundations 
of TenneT’s existing pylons. TenneT is liaising with the 
authorities whether it is fair that these strict requirements, 
which seem to be there for buildings and bridges, should 
apply to TenneT’s pylons. Furthermore, TenneT has the 
obligation to store strategic reserve capacity components to 
comply with art. 16, section 1q in order to protect the grid 
from external influences. Some of these components have 
been ordered, for others a tender procedure will be initiated 
in 2019 to ensure compliance.
Next to this, TenneT did not comply with the law requiring 
implicit auctions on the Dutch German Border due to the 
delay of the project called cross border intraday. After 
the Go-Live in June 2018 this non-compliance has been 
remedied, and TenneT is compliant now.
Compliance and integrity
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
78
Governance and risk management | Compliance and integrity

Page 78:
Risk appetite
Risk appetite
Risk appetite can be defined as the extent to which deviations are deemed acceptable 
in achieving goals.
TenneT’s risk appetite has been set by the Executive Board 
for each of our strategic goals. In terms of the level of risk 
that we are willing to accept in relation to our strategic 
goals, we differentiate between the following categories: 
risk averse (low risk appetite), risk neutral (medium risk 
appetite) and risk-taking (high risk appetite). The following 
graph summarises risk appetite and trends on risks and 
opportunities assessed by the Executive Board. To learn 
more about specific strategic risks please refer to chapter 
our performance 2018.
Strategic goal Goal description
Risk Appetite Risk
Trend
- + - +
Opportunities
Trend
Risk appetite and trend score
Engage
stakeholders
 
Engage with our stakeholder at all levels 
employees, sharholders, regulators, 
policymakers, customers, suppliers  
and local communities
Lead NWE
integration
Lead the development of an integrated  
and sustainable nort-west European  
electricity market
Innovate
business
Innovate and adapt the business to  
anticipate the energy transition
Secure reliable supply of electricity and Secure 
supply facilitate the integration of sustainable  
energy sources
To realise our 10-year investment portfolio, access to 
financing and the ability to attract and develop personnel are 
of the utmost importance. Without these essential resources 
we will not be able to achieve our strategic objectives as 
addressed above.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
79
Governance and risk management | Risk appetite

Page 79:
Key risks
Key risks
Strategic risks are presented in the “strategic performance” chapter. This section 
includes regulatory, reporting, other operational and compliance risks.
Regulatory risks
Regulatory risk Risk-mitigating actions
• Inability by TenneT to meet exacerbating efficiency targets 
imposed by incentive regulation. Especially taking into account a 
strongly growing company and the need of investments in 
innovation.
• TenneT performs regular reviews of processes and organizational 
structure and introduced lean management. Additionally, TenneT 
scrutinizes the results of efficiency audit by the regulators and 
disputes or starts litigation, if needed.
The Netherlands
• TenneT is not able to achieve a reasonable return on its invested 
capital as the return allowed by the regulator is set at a too low 
level because of low interest rates.
• In general, the ACM continued to use the existing approach for 
the regulatory period of 2017-2021. TenneT has started legal 
proceedings as it disagrees with certain items of ACM’s decision. 
The CBb court decided that the ACM should repair its decision. 
The repair is pending early 2019.
• Inability to meet the regulatory budget on operational expenditures 
for procuring energy and ancillary services, such as grid losses 
and re-dispatch costs.
• ACM amended this part of the regulation, exposing TenneT to 
the full price and volume risk of this cost element. TenneT started 
legal proceedings at the CBb court and the CBb decided that 
the ACM should repair its decision. As a result, the ACM 
confirmed that it will re-install the bonus/malus regime of the 
previous regulatory period.
• ACM has, together with the Council of European Energy 
Regulators, initiated a new international TSO benchmark exercise 
to measure the efficiency on capital and operational expenditures 
of European TSOs. The benchmark exercise runs during 
2018/2019.
• TenneT proactively participates in the benchmark. TenneT will 
advocate to the ACM to prudently apply the benchmark results 
within the regulatory framework for the next regulatory period. 
The ACM confirmed that it intends to account for the additional 
costs of Wintrack towers in a separate national run of the 
benchmark.
Germany
• TenneT is unable to achieve a reasonable rate of return on equity 
within the regulatory period of 2019-2023.
• Although TenneT had intensive dialogues with BNetzA and BMWI 
to reach a sufficient rate of return on equity, BNetzA determined 
a value which is below our expectations of a reasonable rate of 
return. TenneT started court proceedings against the BNetzA 
determination to reach a higher value. The decision on the higher 
regional court of Düsseldorf was in favor of TenneT but BNetzA 
further processed that to the federal supreme court.
• The grid fees of the German TSOs are unified beginning in 2019. 
As part of this process, the offshore costs will not be reimbursed 
from the grid fees any more, but from the offshore levy. 
In this context, BNetzA has also proposed a new approach for 
determining the costs that enter the levy. This new system is not 
in line with the demand of investors to have a stable regulatory 
framework.
• Towards the ministry and the regulator TenneT actively lobbied 
for maintaining the current regulatory regime for offshore as this 
could lead to damages for the reputation of the German 
regulatory system. In the discussions between BMWi, BNetzA 
and the TSOs a compromise - a grandfathering option for all 
assets being constructed until end of 2019 and a new system 
for all future investments - was reached. This passed the 
federal cabinet and still needs an approval of the Federal Council 
(Bundesrat).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
80
Governance and risk management | Key risks

Page 80:
Reporting risks
The table below presents TenneT Holding’s most important 
reporting risks.
Reporting risk Risk-mitigating actions
• Financial statements do not give a true and fair view of the 
company’s financial position, financial performance and cash 
flows. Financial statements are not compliant with applicable 
laws and regulations.
• Internal control framework, including control self-assessments 
and Letter of Representation procedure.
• Incorrect (regulatory) reports or information to BNetzA,  
ACM and/or tax authorities.
• Internal and external audit reviews and follow-up on findings.
• Use of internal accounting manuals.
• Intensive monitoring of internal activities by the Regulatory 
department.
• Position papers.
• Data analytics.
Operational risks
The table below details TenneT Holding’s most important 
operational risks.
Operational risk Risk mitigating actions
• Gap between planned and realised maintenance and 
preservation. Risk of deterioration of the condition of the grid in 
the long term.
• Risk-based maintenance and preservation planning in alignment 
with the commissioning dates for large projects.
• Insufficient or inconsistent availability of adequate resources – 
staff, material and services
• Substation-driven replacement strategy.
• Strategic personnel planning and development
• Further integration of external service providers (e.g. via EPCm)
• Employer Branding
• Strategic procurement planning
• Bundling of order processes, e.g. pooling of order for multiple 
projects
• Development and qualification of new supplier (markets)
• Increased utilisation of warehousing capacities
• Insolvency of suppliers
• Monitoring and quality assurance of supplier and service provider 
performance
• Monitoring of supplier credit rating
• Early transfer of ownership
• Work-related incidents and accidents that may harm the health 
and well-being of our own employees and the employees of 
contractors, that work for TenneT.
• Request of guarantees and performance & warranty bonds
• Implementation Life Saving Rules and improved approach on 
incident investigation
• Further development of and certification on the Safety Culture 
Ladder
• Risk of not realising efficiency targets set by regulator
• SHE requirements integrated in supplier and service contracts
• Development of a procurement strategy reflecting the regulatory 
framework
• Unavailability of ancillary services due to mothballing of 
conventional power.
• Utilisation of lean management in all business areas to enable 
continuous improvement
• Extension of standards for the market integration of renewable 
energies and (pools of) small generation plants and integration 
of approved plants
• Development of crowd balancing opportunities
• Petition the regulator to veto the decommissioning of   
system-relevant power plants in Germany
• Implement assets to safeguard grid stability and sufficient 
black-start capacities
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
81
Governance and risk management | Key risks

Page 81:
Compliance risks
The table below presents risks and mitigating actions, 
grouped according to the three areas general/legal, financial 
and technical compliance.
Compliance risk Risk-mitigating actions
General / Legal compliance Risk-mitigating actions
• Non-compliance with European or national laws and regulations, 
e.g. regarding health, safety and environment, labour, tendering 
and energy markets.
• Actively involve experts from Legal Affairs, Procurement, Human 
Resources, Safety & Security, Regulation, etc. Monitoring by 
Compliance via the LOR procedure.
• Train employees
• Risk of fraud and/or conflict of interest. • Corporate Gifts & Hospitalities policy
• Increase cultural awareness via internal communication 
messages and face-to-face training sessions
• Non-Compliance with Code of Conduct • Content of the Code of Conduct is confirmed by all (new) 
employees via written consent.
• Compliance Experts explain the principles in the Code of 
Conduct via training sessions.
• Non-compliance with bilateral agreements between TenneT and 
other TSOs, suppliers, customers, etc.
• Ensure adequate registration of decisions and contracts by Legal 
Affairs and other departments involved.
• Non-compliance with GDPR • Company-wide process- and data analyses. Awareness 
campaigns and trainings and ISO 27001 certification
• Non-compliance with permits and licenses. • Provide regularly training and awareness programs.
Financial compliance Risk-mitigating actions
• Non-compliance with financial and tax laws and legislation, e.g. 
IFRS, local GAAP , the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, the 
German Control and Transparency in Business Act, the German 
Accounting Law Reform Act, etc.
• Actively involve experts from Finance & Control, Treasury, 
Tax and Legal departments. Monitoring by Compliance via the 
internal LOR procedure.
• Ensure availability of accounting manuals, treasury statute, etc.
• Use internal and external experts as advisors, if and when 
necessary.
• Non-compliance with financing agreements. • Frequent knowledge update by means of training, external audit/
expert reviews, etc.
• Quality control by participations control and / or treasury
Technical compliance Risk-mitigating actions
• Non-compliance with electricity laws and technical codes, 
ENTSO-E operational handbook, electrical safety regulations and 
standards, etc.
• Actively involve experts from Asset Management and System 
Operations. Assessments by the technical compliance and 
quality officer. Use of four eye-principles.
• Cooperate with regulatory authorities through the Corporate 
Asset Owner department.
• Involve authorized electrical safety experts and technical 
strategists.
• Technical Audits
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
82
Governance and risk management | Key risks

Page 82:
Financial statements
Financial Statements 83
Consolidated financial statements 84
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 91
Company statement of financial position 141
Other information 146
Independent auditor’s report 147
Assurance report of the independent auditor 153
About this report 156
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures 160
Summary of stakeholder activities 161
Summary of stakeholder activities 162
Summary of stakeholder activities 163
SWOT Analysis 164
Company adresses 165
Key figures: five-year summary  
(based on underlying figures) 166
Glossary 167
TenneT Holding B.V. 173
Disclaimer 173
Financial Statements
Financial Statements 
83Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.

Page 83:
Consolidated financial statements
Consolidated financial statements
Consolidated statement of income
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Notes 2018 2017
Revenue 3.1 4,269 3,976
Grid expenses 3.2.1 -2,283 -2,111
Personnel expenses 3.2.2 -214 -191
Depreciation and amortisation of assets 4.1, 5.1 -700 -629
Other operating expenses 3.2.3 -235 -205
Other (gains)/losses 4.1 -26 -9
Total operating expenses -3,458 -3,145
Share in profit of joint ventures and associates 5.3 69 69
Operating profit 880 900
Finance income 1 9
Finance expenses 3.3 -182 -179
Finance result -181 -170
Profit before income tax 699 730
Income tax expense 3.4 -189 -177
Profit for the year 510 553
Profit attributable to:
Equity holders of ordinary shares 6.2.1 389 442
Hybrid securities 6.2.1 31 35
Owners of the company 420 477
Non-controlling interests 6.2.2 90 76
Profit for the year 510 553
Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of ordinary shares
For the year ended 31 December (EUR per share)
Notes 2018 2017
Basic and diluted earnings per share 3.5 1,985 2,255
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
84
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 84:
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Attributable to equity holders of the company Non-
control-
ling 
interest
Total 
equity
Hedging 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Unappro- 
priated 
result
Equity 
attribut-
able to 
ordinary 
shares
Hybrid 
securities
Equity 
attribut-
able to 
owners 
of the 
company
Notes 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.2
2017
Other comprehensive income to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent years:
Amortisation of hedges 6.2.1 -1 - - -1 - -1 - -1
Taxation 3.4 - - - - - - - -
-1 - - -1 - -1 - -1
Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent years:
Re-measurement of defined benefit pensions 7.1.1 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3
Taxation 3.4 - -1 - -1 - -1 - -1
- 2 - 2 - 2 - 2
Total other comprehensive income 2017 -1 2 - 1 - 1 - 1
Profit for the year - - 442 442 35 477 76 553
Total comprehensive income 2017 -1 2 442 443 35 478 76 554
2018
Other comprehensive income to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent years:
Amortisation of hedges 6.2.1 -1 - - -1 - -1 - -1
Taxation 3.4 - - - - - - - -
-1 - - -1 - -1 - -1
Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent years:
Re-measurement of defined benefit pensions 7.1.1 - 5 - 5 - 5 - 5
Taxation 3.4 - -2 - -2 - -2 - -2
- 3 - 3 - 3 - 3
Total other comprehensive income 2018 -1 3 - 2 - 2 - 2
Profit for the year - - 389 389 31 420 90 510
Total comprehensive income 2018 -1 3 389 391 31 422 90 512
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
85
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 85:
Consolidated statement of financial position
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Assets Notes 2018 2017
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 4.1 16,049 14,530
Intangible assets 5.1 111 98
Investments in joint ventures 5.3.1 529 413
Investments in associates 5.3.2 37 37
Deferred tax assets 3.4 15 5
Other financial assets 5.4 42 311
Total non-current assets 16,783 15,394
Current assets
Inventories 5.8 68 78
Account- and other receivables 5.5 2,509 2,434
Income tax receivable 3.4 60 2
Cash and cash equivalents 6.4 1,253 1,329
Total current assets 3,890 3,843
Assets of disposal group classified as held for sale 5.2 3 -
Total assets 20,676 19,237
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
86
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 86:
Consolidated statement of financial position
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Equity and liabilities Notes 2018 2017
Equity
Equity attributable to ordinary shares 6.2.1 3,964 3,713
Hybrid securities 6.2.1 1,120 1,018
Equity attributable to owners of the company 5,084 4,731
Non-controlling interests 6.2.2 796 857
Total equity 5,880 5,588
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 6.3 7,964 6,786
Contract liabilities 4.2 308 283
Deferred tax liability 3.4 124 222
Provisions 5.7 774 697
Net employee defined benefit liabilities 7.1.1 208 186
Other liabilities 3 2
Total non-current liabilities 9,381 8,176
Current liabilities
Borrowings 6.3 756 917
Contract liabilities 4.2 3 3
Income tax payable 3.4 84 7
Provisions 5.7 86 92
Other financial liabilities 71 61
Account- and other payables 5.6 4,414 4,354
Bank overdrafts 6.4 - 39
Total current liabilities 5,414 5,473
Liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale 5.2 1 -
Total equity and liabilities 20,676 19,237
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
87
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 87:
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Attributable to equity holders of the company Non-
control-
ling 
interest
Total 
equity
Paid-up 
and 
called-up 
capital
Share 
premium 
reserve
Hedging 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Unappro- 
priated 
result
Equity 
attribut-
able to 
ordinary 
shares
Hybrid 
securities
Equity 
attribut-
able to 
owners 
of the 
company
Notes 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.1 6.2.2
At 1 January 2017 100 1,380 5 1,791 134 3,410 520 3,930 971 4,901
Profit for the year - - - - 442 442 35 477 76 553
Total other comprehen-
sive income - - -1 2 - 1 - 1 - 1
Total comprehensive 
income - - -1 2 442 443 35 478 76 554
Dividends paid 6.2.1 - - - - -146 -146 - -146 -43 -189
Capital contribution 6.2.1 - - - - - - - - 15 15
Capital repayment 6.2.1 - - - - - - -500 -500 -162 -662
Issue of hybrid securities 6.2.1 - - - -3 - -3 1,000 997 - 997
Distribution on hybrid 
securities 6.2.1 - - - - - - -37 -37 - -37
Tax on distribution on 
hybrid securities 6.2.1 - - - - 9 9 - 9 - 9
Appropriation remaining 
prior year result - - - -3 3 - - - - -
At 31 December 2017 100 1,380 4 1,787 442 3,713 1,018 4,731 857 5,588
Profit for the year - - - - 389 389 31 420 90 510
Total other comprehen-
sive income - - -1 3 - 2 - 2 - 2
Total comprehensive 
income - - -1 3 389 391 31 422 90 512
Dividends paid 6.2.1 - - - - -147 -147 - -147 -79 -226
Capital repayment 6.2.1 - - - - - - - - -72 -72
Transition effect IFRS 9 1.2 - - - -1 - -1 -1 -1
Issue of hybrid securities 6.2.1 - - - - - - 101 101 - 101
Distribution on hybrid 
securities 6.2.1 - - - - - - -30 -30 - -30
Tax on distribution on 
hybrid securities 6.2.1 - - - - 8 8 - 8 - 8
Appropriation remaining 
prior year result - - - 303 -303 - - - - -
At 31 December 2018 100 1,380 3 2,092 389 3,964 1,120 5,084 796 5,880
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
88
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 88:
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Notes 2018 2017
Operational activities
Operating profit 880 900
Non-cash adjustments to reconcile profit to net cash flows:
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets 4.1, 5.1 700 629
Result on disposal of assets 4.1 22 -7
Gain on acquistion of subsidiary 5.2 - -3
Share in profit of joint ventures and associates 5.3 -69 -72
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates 5.3 47 54
Movements in provisions and other (financial) liabilities and assets -14 -66
686 535
Working capital adjustments excluding EEG working capital:
(Increase)/decrease in account- and other receivables 5.5 32 -274
(Increase)/decrease in inventories 10 -4
Increase/(decrease) in account- and other payables 5.6 82 379
Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities 5.3 25 2
Increase/(decrease) in current financial liabilities -23 7
126 110
Income tax paid (net) -239 -181
Net cash flows from operating activities excluding EEG 
working capital 1,453 1,364
EEG working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in EEG receivables 5.5 73 -94
(Increase)/decrease EEG deposits > 3 months 5.5 -250 -
Increase/(decrease) in EEG payables 5.6 137 325
-40 231
Net cash flows from operating activities 1,413 1,595
Investing activities
Purchase of tangible and intangible fixed assets 4.1, 5.1 -2,324 -1,762
Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired 5.2 - -5
Capital contribution to joint ventures and associates 5.3 -92 -72
Interest received 1 2
Net cash flows used in investing activities -2,415 -1,837
Financing activities
Net financing
Proceeds from borrowings 6.3 1,930 1,370
Repayment of borrowings 6.3 -917 -1,127
1,013 243
Continuation >
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
89
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 89:
Notes 2018 2017
Other financing activities
Interest paid -170 -151
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders of the company 6.2.1 -147 -146
Proceeds from capital contributions 6.2.1 350 150
Repayment of hybrid securities 6.2.1 - -500
Proceeds from issue of hybrid securities 6.2.1 100 997
Distribution on hybrid securities 6.2.1 -30 -37
Dividends paid and capital repayments to non-controlling interests 6.2.2 -151 -205
Proceeds from capital contributions by non-controlling interests 6.2.2 - 15
-48 123
Net cash flows from financing activities 965 366
Net change in cash and cash equivalents -37 124
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 6.4 1,253 1,290
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 6.4 1,290 1,166
-37 124
< Continued
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
90
Financial Statements | Consolidated financial statements

Page 90:
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
We are continuously improving our financial reporting to make it more relevant and 
understandable to our stakeholders. These financial statements focus on the key 
(financial) topics for 2018. Like last year, the notes to the consolidated financial 
statements have been grouped into seven sections relating to key topics and figures 
from a business perspective. Accounting policies are indicated with i, while key 
assumptions and estimates are identified by using + in front of the header.
1. Basis for reporting 92
1.1 General 92
1.2 Basis for preparation 92
1.3 Basis for consolidation 94
1.4 Significant accounting judgements, estimates 
and assumptions 95
1.5 Foreign currency 95
2. Segment information 96
2.1 Segment analysis 96
2.2 i Accounting policies applied for underlying 
financial information 97
2.3 Regulatory deferral accounts: reconciliation to 
IFRS figures 97
3. Results for the year 100
3.1 Revenue 100
3.2 Operating expenses 102
3.3 Finance expenses 103
3.4 Income tax 103
3.5 Earnings per share 106
4. Grid investments, other tangible fixed 
assets and related commitments 107
4.1 Tangible fixed assets 107
4.2 Contract liabilities 109
4.3 Commitments and contingencies related to 
investments 109
5.  Other invested capital including  
working capital and provisions 111
5.1 Intangible assets 111
5.2 Business combinations 113
5.3 Investments in joint ventures and associates 113
5.4 Other financial assets 116
5.5 Account- and other receivables 117
5.6 Account- and other payables 118
5.7 Provisions 119
5.8 Inventory 120
6. Capital structure and financing 121
6.1 Capital management 121
6.2 Equity 122
6.3 Borrowings 126
6.4 Cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts 128
6.5 Fair values 128
6.6 i Accounting policies for financial instruments 129
6.7 Financial risk management 129
7. Other disclosures 133
7.1 Net employee defined benefit liabilities 133
7.2 Other commitments and contingencies 137
7.3 Related parties 137
7.4 Consolidated subsidiaries 138
7.5 Events after the reporting period 139
Company financial statements 140
Notes to the  
company financial statements 142
8.1 Company accounting policies 142
8.2 Finance income 142
8.3 Finance expenses 142
8.4 Investments in subsidiaries 142
8.5 Investments in joint ventures and associates 143
8.6 Other financial assets 143
8.7 Account- and other receivables 143
8.8 Equity 144
8.9 Borrowings 144
8.10 Account- and other payables 144
8.11 Events after reporting period 145
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
91
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 91:
1. Basis for reporting
Accounting policies describe our approach to recognising and measuring transactions 
and balance sheet items during the year. Accounting policies, including new EU 
endorsed accounting standards, amendments and interpretations, relating to the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole are described below. This section also 
provides general guidance regarding assumptions, estimates and judgement used in 
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. A more detailed description 
of accounting policies and significant estimates related to specific reported amounts is 
presented in the respective notes. Accounting policies which are deemed non-material 
are not presented in these financial statements. We consider an item material if, in our 
view, it is likely to have an impact on the economic decisions of the users of these 
financial statements. 
1.1 General
We (TenneT Holding B.V. and its subsidiaries) are a leading electricity TSO with activities in the Netherlands and in Germany. 
Our activities in the Netherlands are carried out by TenneT TSO B.V. and its subsidiaries. Our activities in Germany are 
performed by TenneT GmbH & Co. KG and its subsidiaries.
The Dutch State holds the entire issued share capital of TenneT Holding B.V. Also hybrid securities are issued, which are 
deeply subordinated securities and are considered part of equity attributable to equity holders of TenneT. Our head office and 
legal seat is located in Arnhem, the Netherlands.
These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 were prepared and authorised by our 
Executive Board for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Supervisory Board on 18 February 2019.
1.2 Basis for preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, 
and Part 9, Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code. The company financial statements for TenneT Holding B.V. have been 
prepared in accordance with the provisions of Part 9, Book 2, of the Netherlands Civil Code.
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The going concern basis presumes 
that the Group has adequate resources to remain in operation, and that the Executive Board intend it to do so, for at least 
one year from the date the financial statements are signed.
These consolidated financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments 
if any which have been measured at fair value. They are presented in euros and all values are rounded to the nearest million 
(EUR 000,000), except when otherwise indicated.
Significant new and amended standards adopted by the Group
TenneT has not adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.
TenneT is applying IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments for the first time in 
2018. The nature and impact of each amendment is described below.
The new IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ introduces a new five-step model to be applied to revenue 
from contracts with customers and provides a more structured approach to measuring and recognising revenue. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
92
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 92:
Based on an assessment encompassing interviews within several internal departments and review of existing contracts, 
we have concluded that the standard has no impact on our financial statements.
IFRS 9 Financial instruments replaces IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2018, bringing together all three aspects of the accounting for financial instruments: 
classification and measurement, impairment and hedge accounting. TenneT has applied IFRS 9 retrospectively, with the 
initial application date of 1 January 2018 without restating the comparative financial statements. 
Under IFRS 9, debt financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value through profit & loss (FVPL), amortised 
cost, or fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The classification for financial assets is based on two 
criteria: TenneT’s business model for managing the assets; and whether the instruments` contractual cash flows represent 
‘solely payments of principal and interest’ on the principal amount outstanding (the ‘SPPI criterion’). TenneT’s business model 
involves collecting contractual cash flows. TenneT assessed if financial instruments are SPPI. This assessment is referred 
to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. TenneT concluded all financial instruments are SPPI. As a result 
of the above assessments the measurement of TenneT’s financial instruments remains unchanged at amortised cost. 
The adoption of IFRS 9 has changed TenneT’s accounting for impairment losses for financial assets by replacing IAS 
39’s incurred loss approach with a forward-looking expected credit loss (ECL) approach. ECL is based on the difference 
between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to 
receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. TenneT applied the simplified approach and 
records lifetime expected losses on all trade receivables. TenneT has determined that, the loss allowance increased with 
EUR 1 million in 2018 due to the adoption of IFRS 9. 
IFRS standards issued but not yet effective and adopted by the Group
A limited number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations, and annual improvement cycles have 
been issued but are not effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 2018. Below we describe the potential impact of 
IFRS 16, which will have a material impact on our financial statements. Other changes to standards which we expect to have 
no material impact on our financial statements are not further described. 
IFRS 16 was issued in January 2016 and it replaces IAS 17 Leases, IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains 
a Lease, SIC-15 Operating Leases-Incentives and SIC-27 Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal 
Form of a Lease. IFRS 16 sets out the principles for recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases and 
requires lessees to account for all leases under a single on-balance sheet model similar to the accounting for finance leases 
under IAS 17. The standard includes two recognition exemptions for lessees – leases of ’low-value’ assets (e.g., personal 
computers) and short-term leases (i.e., leases with a lease term of 12 months or less). At the commencement date of a 
lease, a lessee will recognise a liability to make lease payments and an asset representing the right to use the underlying 
asset during the lease term. Lessees will be required to separately recognise the interest expense on the lease liability and 
the depreciation expense on the right-of-use asset.
Lessees will also be required to remeasure the lease liability upon the occurrence of certain events (e.g., a change in 
the lease term, a change in future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine those 
payments). The lessee will generally recognise the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to 
the right-of-use asset.
IFRS 16 requires lessees and lessors to make more extensive disclosures than under IAS 17.
TenneT will adopt IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the Standard recognised at the 
date of initial application, as of 1 January 2019. TenneT elects to use the exemptions proposed by the standard on lease 
contracts for which the lease terms ends within 12 months as of the date of initial application, and lease contracts for which 
the underlying asset is of low value. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
93
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 93:
TenneT elects to measure the right-of-use asset for an amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any 
prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the statement of financial position immediately 
before the date of initial application. TenneT elects not to apply IFRS 16 for contracts that were not previously identified as 
containing a lease applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4.
The estimated impact of the adoption of IFRS 16 is based on assessments undertaken to date. The impact on the financial 
position as at 1 January 2019 is expected to be as follows:
(EUR million) 1 January 2019
Asset increase 384
Liability increase -384
Retained earnings -
Based on our IFRS 16 leases as of 1 January 2019 the IFRS 16 implementation is expected to have the following impact for 
2019:
(EUR million) 1 January 2019
Depreciation expense 131
Other operating expense -132
Operating profit 1
Finance costs 1
Income tax expense
Profit for the year -
Due to the adoption of IFRS 16, the Group’s operating profit will improve, offset by an increase in finance expense.  
This is due to the change in the accounting for expenses of leases that were classified as operating leases under IAS 17. 
There will be no impact on the segment information other than already disclosed above. 
Annual Improvements Cycle - 2015-2017
IAS 12 Income Taxes – Income tax consequences of payments on financial instruments classified as equity: The 
amendments clarify that the income tax consequences of dividends are linked more directly to past transactions or 
events that generated distributable profits than to distributions to owners. Therefore, an entity recognises the income 
tax consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity according to where the entity 
recognised the originating transaction or event that generated the distributable profits giving rise to the dividend. TenneT 
applies the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. When an entity first applies 
the amendments, it applies them to the income tax consequences of dividends recognised on or after the beginning of the 
earliest comparative period. The impact for TenneT will be a reclassification of “tax on distribution on hybrid securities” from 
the consolidated statement of equity to the consolidated statement of income.
1.3 Basis for consolidation
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of TenneT Holding B.V. and its subsidiaries as at 
31 December 2018. A list of the legal entities included in the consolidation is included in note 7.4. 
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, constituting the date on which control is obtained, and continue 
to be consolidated until the date when such control ceases. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the 
same reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies. All intercompany balances, transactions, 
unrealised gains and losses resulting from intercompany transactions and dividends are eliminated in full in consolidation.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
94
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 94:
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If 
we cease to have control of a subsidiary, we derecognise the subsidiary’s assets (including goodwill) and liabilities, with 
any non-controlling interest and the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity. Furthermore, the fair value of the 
consideration received, the fair value of any investment retained and any surplus or deficit in profit or loss are recognised. 
Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method, where the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed on a fair value basis and the remainder recognised as goodwill.
1.4 Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses 
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Such estimates are assessed continuously on 
the basis of previous results and experience, consultations with experts, trends, prognoses and other methods which we 
deem appropriate in each individual case. Significant items containing estimates and assumptions are as follows: 
Item Note Estimate/assumptions
Tangible fixed assets 4.1 Estimate of remaining useful life
Intangible fixed assets 5.1 Estimate of recoverable amount and remaining useful life
Impairment review of goodwill 5.1 Estimate of cash flow projections and pre-tax discount rate
Grid expense payable 5.6.3 Estimate of electricity usage and energy prices
Provision for environmental management and decommissioning
5.7.5
Estimate of removal costs, removal dates, discount rate and 
price increases in the period leading up to removal
Tariffs related provision 5.7.5 Estimate of electricity usage and number of parties
Other provisions
5.7.5
Mainly relate to estimate of probability, realisation date and 
curtailed feed-in volumes and prices
Net employee benefit obligation 7.1 Financial, actuarial and demographic assumptions
1.5 Foreign currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, which is also the parent company’s and all subsidiaries` 
functional currency.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
95
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 95:
2. Segment information
This section sets out the financial performance for the year in accordance with the way 
we manage our business (operating segments). We measure and assess our 
performance based on underlying financial information, which is explained further below. 
We generate the majority of our revenue from our regulated operating segments in the Netherlands and Germany. Therefore 
close collaboration with our respective regulators to obtain agreements that provide reasonable compensation for the risks 
we face is key to us. Our involvement in certain limited non-regulated activities are closely related and ancillary to our core 
tasks.
2.1 Segment analysis
Our Executive Board is the chief operating decision-making body of the company (as defined by IFRS 8 ‘Operating 
segments’). Periodically, it monitors the performance of the respective operating segments for the purpose of performance 
management and decision making about resource allocation. The segment performance is based on underlying financial 
information, where EBIT and investments are the key metrics. The definition of EBIT equals operating profit. Performance of 
non-regulated activities is evaluated based on EBIT.
Underlying financial information is based on the principle of recognising regulatory assets and liabilities for all of our regulated 
activities. This implies that amounts resulting from past events and which are allowed to be received or required to be 
returned trough future tariffs are recorded as an asset or liability, respectively (see note 2.2 for further reference). We believe 
that the presentation of underlying financial information leads to a sound, consistent and transparent financial insight into 
past and future business performance.
Our operating segments consist of (i) TSO Netherlands, (ii) TSO Germany and (iii) non-regulated companies.
For management information purposes, the performance of our regulated activities in the Netherlands and in Germany 
are considered separately into two segments (corresponding to the geographical distribution). This segmentation, based 
on separately applicable regulatory frameworks, is the key determinant for financial management of the business and for 
decision-making on budgets, allocation of resources and financing. 
Financing activities (including finance income and expenses) are managed on a Group basis and amounts related thereto are 
not allocated to the segments. Transfer prices between the Netherlands and Germany are set at arm’s length in a manner 
similar to transactions with third parties. These intercompany transactions are eliminated in the consolidation.
There are two customers in the German segment that have revenues that are more than 10% of our total revenue. Revenue 
from one customer amounted to EUR 789 million (2017: EUR 731 million). Revenue from the other customer amounted to 
EUR 632 million (2017: EUR 612 million). 
2018 2017
(EUR million)
Rev-
enue EBIT
Invest-
ments Assets
Liabili-
ties Revenue EBIT
Invest-
ments Assets Liabilities
TSO Netherlands 945 121 876 6,165 3,646 838 190 735 5,781 3,323
TSO Germany 3,230 644 1,370 16,067 11,135 3,122 651 1,037 15,519 10,669
Non-regulated activities 36 43 7 684 159 35 59 2 1,026 137
4,211 808 2,253 22,916 14,940 3,995 900 1,774 22,326 14,129
Eliminations and adjustments -35 -2 - -1,133 1,143 -47 -3 - -1,914 814
Consolidated underlying 
information 4,176 806 2,253 21,783 16,083 3,948 897 1,774 20,412 14,943
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
96
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 96:
For an analysis of the underlying results see the ‘Financial’ section of ‘Our performance in 2018’ section of the integrated 
annual report.
2.2 i Accounting policies applied for underlying financial information
Underlying financial information matches regulatory revenues and expenses in a corresponding reporting period, and defers 
certain income items until used for investments or tariff reductions.
IFRS Regulatory 
Deferral Accounts Underlying
Matching is achieved by recognising regulatory deferral accounts. The key requirement for the recognition of regulatory 
deferral accounts is that an existing regulatory framework must be in place that permits the future reimbursement or requires 
the future settlement of regulated assets or liabilities respectively. Consequently, a regulated asset is recognised in underlying 
financial information in respect of permitted reimbursements of current year expenses in future years tariffs. Vice versa, 
a regulated liability is recognised in underlying financial information in respect of required settlements (i.e. repayments) of 
current year revenues through future tariffs.
Furthermore, until 2015 certain investments were financed via auction receipts resulting from auctioning available capacity 
on cross-border interconnections (see note 2.3). The different accounting treatment of the regulatory deferral accounts also 
results in a different carrying amount of these assets. 
2.3 Regulatory deferral accounts: reconciliation to IFRS figures
The difference between underlying financial information - as presented in the segment information and board report - and 
IFRS reported figures is related to the recognition of regulated assets and liabilities, auctions receipts, and the measurement 
of tangible fixed assets. In our IFRS financial statements, these are recognised as revenue when realised. In the underlying 
financial information these are recognised when invoiced. 
These differences also result in different deferred tax balances in underlying financial information compared to IFRS reported 
figures. No other differences between underlying financial information and IFRS exist.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
97
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 97:
Underlying financial information can be reconciled to reported IFRS figures as follows:
2018 (EUR million) Revenue EBIT Assets Liabilities
Recovery/
reversal 
period 
(years)
Consolidated underlying information 4,176 806 21,783 16,083
To be settled in tariffs -82 -126 -785 -140 0 - 5
Auction receipts 156 156 - -852 0 - 30
Investment contributions -10 -6 - -249 0 - 30
Maintenance of the energy balance 29 29 - -41 0 - 1
Difference in tangible fixed assets - 21 -300 - 0 - 30
Effect on deferred tax balances - - -22 -5 0 - 30
Consolidated IFRS financial statements 4,269 880 20,676 14,796
2017 (EUR million) Revenue EBIT Assets Liabilities
Recovery/
reversal 
period (years)
Consolidated underlying information 3,948 897 20,412 14,943
To be settled in tariffs -116 -116 -848 -92 0 - 5
Auction receipts 127 80 - -910 0 - 30
Investment contributions -10 -10 - -259 0 - 31
Maintenance of the energy balance 27 27 - -35 0 - 1
Difference in tangible fixed assets - 22 -322 - 0 - 31
Effect on deferred tax balances - - -5 2 0 - 31
Consolidated IFRS financial statements 3,976 900 19,237 13,649
As the adjustments for reconciling consolidated underlying revenue to consolidated IFRS revenue are the same for the 
reconciliation of EBIT, no further information is included in this respect in the above tables. 
To be settled in tariffs
Revenue surpluses and deficits resulting from differences between expected (ex ante) and realised (ex post) electricity 
transmission volumes are incorporated in the tariffs of subsequent years in both, Germany and the Netherlands. In the 
underlying financial information, these surpluses and deficits are recorded as assets and liabilities, respectively, in the 
statement of financial position under ‘to be settled in tariffs’. 
Auction receipts & investment contributions
Auction receipts result from auctioning the available transmission capacity on cross-border interconnections. These receipts 
are not at our free disposal. In accordance with European law, auction receipts are to be used to invest in additional cross-
border interconnections or to be refunded through tariff reductions. In the Netherlands, we have agreed with our regulator 
(Autoriteit Consument en Markt) to fully utilise auction receipts to reduce future tariffs. The current outstanding balance of 
auction receipts will be refunded via tariffs over the coming years. In Germany, the use of auction receipts for investments is 
effectively achieved by reducing tariffs over a rolling 30-year period. 
Investments financed by using auction receipts are classified as investment contributions and are reported under ‘liabilities’. 
A periodic amount equal to the depreciation charges, plus a portion of the operating expenses, is released to the statement 
of income.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
98
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 98:
Maintenance of the energy balance
As system manager of the high-voltage grid in the Netherlands, we receive funds for performing certain statutory duties, 
such as the maintenance of the energy balance. The proceeds from these activities (i.e., imbalance settlements) may only be 
used after approval by the ACM. Imbalance settlements collected during the year are to be offset in transmission tariffs in the 
subsequent year. Consequently, these amounts are recorded as a liability in the underlying financial information.
Differences in tangible fixed assets
Differences in tangible fixed assets occur due to the difference in accounting treatment of the regulatory deferral accounts 
and the related cash flows in order to determine the economic useful life and recoverable amount of the assets resulting from 
acquisitions and used for impairment analysis.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
99
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 99:
3. Results for the year
This section comprises notes related to the revenue, operating expenses and results 
for the year as determined under IFRS. Also our taxation policies, including our tax 
strategy, accounting policy, and an analysis of the income tax for the year and its 
related deferred tax assets and liabilities at year-end are included in this section. 
3.1 Revenue
The disaggregated revenue are presented below. 
2018
(EUR million) TSO NL TSO Germany Non-regulated Total
Connection and transmission services 594 2,467 - 3,061
Maintenance of energy balance 72 61 - 133
Operation of energy exchanges 102 62 - 164
Offshore balancing - 798 - 798
Other 17 60 36 113
Inter-segment 19 16 - 35
Total revenue IFRS 804 3,464 36 4,304
Inter-segment adjustments and eliminations -19 -16 - -35
Total revenue from contracts with customers IFRS 785 3,448 36 4,269
2017
(EUR million) TSO NL TSO Germany Non-regulated Total
Connection and transmission services 627 2,278 - 2,905
Maintenance of energy balance 58 49 - 107
Operation of energy exchanges 88 48 - 136
Offshore balancing - 737 - 737
Other 13 43 35 91
Inter-segment 30 17 - 47
Total revenue IFRS 816 3,172 35 4,023
Inter-segment adjustments and eliminations -30 -17 - -47
Total revenue from contracts with customers IFRS 786 3,155 35 3,976
Set out below, the reconciliation of revenue from contracts with customers based on IFRS with the amounts disclosed in the 
segment information (Note 2) based on underlying financial information:
2018
(EUR million) TSO NL TSO Germany Non-regulated Total
Total revenue 804 3,464 36 4,304
To be settled in tariffs 255 -173 - 82
Investment contributions 10 - - 10
Auction receipts -96 -60 - -156
Maintenance of the energy balance -28 -1 - -29
Total revenue underlying 945 3,230 36 4,211
Inter-segment adjustments and eliminations -19 -16 - -35
Total revenue from contracts with customers underlying 926 3,214 36 4,176
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
100
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 100:
2017
(EUR million) TSO NL TSO Germany Non-regulated Total
Total revenue 816 3,172 35 4,023
To be settled in tariffs 120 -4 - 116
Investment contributions 10 - - 10
Auction receipts -82 -45 - -127
Maintenance of the energy balance -26 -1 - -27
Total revenue underlying 838 3,122 35 3,995
Inter-segment adjustments and eliminations -30 -17 - -47
Total revenue from contracts with customers underlying 808 3,105 35 3,948
3.1.1 Connection and transmission services
Materially, all revenue from connection and transmission is regulated by the ACM in the Netherlands and by the BNetzA 
in Germany. Revenue from connection and transmission services includes revenue from services provided to regional grid 
operators and industrial clients (such as resolution of transmission restrictions, congestion management and reactive power 
management). Revenue increased mainly due to a higher asset base.
3.1.2 Maintenance of the energy balance
We are responsible to ensure that electricity supply and demand is in balance at all times (i.e. alternating current frequency 
in the power grid must be at 50 Hz continuously). If this balance is significantly disrupted, it may result in a power outage or 
even a black-out, depending on the length and severity of the imbalance. To ensure this balance, we contract and deploy 
(among others) reserve and emergency capacity to compensate unexpected fluctuations in supply and demand. The 
proceeds from maintaining this energy balance (e.g. imbalance settlements) fluctuate considerably and are refunded through 
regulated tariffs in both the Netherlands and Germany in subsequent years. 
3.1.3 Operation of energy exchanges
This amount includes revenues resulting from the auctioning of cross-border (electricity transmission “interconnection”) 
capacity.
3.1.4 Offshore balancing
In accordance with German law, approximately 70% of our offshore-related costs are charged through to the other three 
German ‘Transmission Service Operators’ (TSOs) (so called ‘horizontal balancing’). The associated revenue is classified as 
‘revenue from offshore balancing’. 
3.1.5 i Accounting policy with respect to revenue
Revenue primarily represents the sales value derived from the connection and transmission of electricity together with 
the sales value derived from the provision of other services to customers during the year. Revenue from contracts with 
customers is recognised when control of the services is transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the 
consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
Revenues are from contracts with a single performance obligation. The assessment of unbilled connection and transmission 
services supplied to customers between the date of the last meter reading and year-end is subject to significant judgement. 
This assessment is primarily based on expected consumption and weather patterns.
If revenue received or receivable exceeds the maximum annual amount as determined by the regulator, ACM or BNetzA, 
an adjustment will be made to future tariffs to reflect this over-recovery. Under IFRS, no liability is recognised since this 
adjustment relates to the provision of future services. Similarly, no asset is recognised when a regulator permits increases to 
be made to future tariffs in respect of under-recovery.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
101
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 101:
3.2 Operating expenses
3.2.1 Grid expenses
(EUR million) 2018 2017
System services 1,437 1,368
Connection and transmission services 285 285
Maintenance of energy balance 97 79
Maintaining and operating transmission grids 470 378
Other -6 1
Total 2,283 2,111
In 2018, the grid expenses increased proportionally in line with the increase in revenue. 
3.2.2 Personnel expenses
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Salaries 259 240
Social security contributions 36 33
Pension charges defined benefit plans 23 11
Pension charges other plans 16 15
Other personnel expenses 23 18
Capitalised costs for tangible fixed assets -143 -126
Total 214 191
Average workforce in FTEs (internal employees only) 3,253 3,061
Average workforce in FTEs employed in the Netherlands 1,443 1,304
Key management remuneration
Members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board are regarded as key management. Aggregate remuneration of 
members of the Supervisory Board and Executive Board is as follows:
Supervisory Board (EUR thousand) Fixed
Committee 
fee Total
2018 97 48 145
2017 125 46 171
Executive Board (EUR thousand) Fixed Variable Pension cost
Termination 
benefit Total
2018 1,586 248 687 1) 600 3,121
2017 1,802 326 478 - 2,606
 
1) This includes a tax amount of EUR 241,000 paid to the Dutch tax authorities for the contractual pre-pension plan of the former CEO 
as a result of a change in the tax regime.
The aggregate Executive Board remuneration comprises remuneration of statutory directors of EUR 1,803 thousand 
(2017: EUR 1,915 thousand) and remuneration of non-statutory directors of EUR 1,318 thousand (2017: EUR 691 
thousand). Pension remuneration equals (i) the contributions payable to the defined contribution plan for service rendered in 
the period or (ii), for defined benefit plans, the current service cost and, when applicable, past service cost.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
102
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 102:
3.2.3 Other operating expenses
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Accommodation and office expenses 89 76
Consultancy expenses 21 24
Hiring of temporary personnel 54 46
Travel and living expenses 15 14
Other expenses 56 45
Total 235 205
Other expenses in 2017 included a partial release of the provision for compensation payable to offshore wind farm (OWF) 
operators in respect of possible interruptions and or delays in offshore high-voltage connections. For further details see note 
5.7.3.
The total fees for EY network firms (including Ernst & Young Accountants LLP) were as follows:
(EUR thousand) 2018 2017
Audit of the financial statements
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 667 596
Other Ernst & Young firms 589 556
Total audit of the financial statements 1,256 1,152
Other assurance services
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 224 224
Other Ernst & Young firms 182 206
Total other assurance services 406 430
Total assurance services 1,662 1,582
Tax consultancy (other Ernst & Young firms) - 27
Other services (other Ernst & Young firms) 40 24
Total other services 40 51
Total EY network fees 1,702 1,633
3.3 Finance expenses
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Interest on borrowings and credit facilities 152 154
Capitalised interest on assets under construction -8 -8
Interest on provisions 18 19
Interest on defined benefit pensions 4 3
Other finance expenses 16 11
Total 182 179
3.4 Income tax
We strive to comply with all applicable tax legislation in a socially responsible manner, maintaining among the highest 
levels of transparency, quality and integrity. Management responsibility and oversight of our tax strategy lies with our ‘Chief 
Financial Officer’ (CFO), our Senior Manager Corporate Financial Control and our Corporate Tax Manager who monitor our 
tax activities and report to the Executive Board and the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
103
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 103:
Our tax strategy is fully consistent with our corporate strategy. Building a transparent relationship with tax authorities based 
on mutual trust is an integral part of this strategy. We have built and are continuously improving our tax control framework to 
be ‘in control’ of tax risks and to allow the company to demonstrate to all its stakeholders, including the tax authorities, that 
the company fully complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
Income tax is payable in the Netherlands and Germany. In the Netherlands, we entered into a so called ‘horizontal 
monitoring agreement’ with the Dutch tax authorities. Based on transparency and mutual trust, this agreement ensures 
that tax positions are fully disclosed and agreed on in advance, as a result of which generally no tax audits are performed 
by the Dutch tax authorities. All corporate income tax returns in the Netherlands have been filed up to and including 2016. 
Corporate income tax paid in the Netherlands in 2018 amounted to EUR 72 million.
In Germany, corporate income tax and trade tax returns for all German entities have been filed up to and including fiscal year 
2017. In 2017, the German tax authorities have started a tax audit for the fiscal years 2013 to 2016 relating to all German 
entities. In 2018, we paid EUR 167 million of corporate income tax in Germany.
The key components of income tax expense are:
Consolidated income statement (EUR million) 2018 2017
Current income tax charge 299 210
Deferred tax: -110 -33
Income tax expense reported in the income statement 189 177
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (EUR million) 2018 2017
Effect of re-measurement of defined benefit pensions -2 -1
Income tax charged directly to other comprehensive income -2 -1
Income tax on profits has been provided at the rates prevailing in the respective countries. In the Netherlands, a statutory 
corporate income tax rate of 25% applied, while in Germany, on average, a marginal statutory corporate income tax rate of 
29.4% applied (including trade tax levied by municipalities or ‘Gewerbesteuer’). Reconciliation between tax expense and the 
accounting profit multiplied by a statutory income tax rate of 25% is as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Profit before income tax 699 730
Statutory income tax rate of 25% (The Netherlands, 2017: 25%) 175 183
Effect of higher tax rate in Germany 30 24
Effect future tax rate change in the Netherlands -11 -
Deferred and current tax differences 9 -8
Non-deductible interest 1 -12
Non-deductible/taxable mainly participation exemption effect -5 -6
Tax paid by third parties -10 -4
At the effective income tax rate of 27% (2017: 24%) 189 177
The main reason for the higher effective tax rate is the effect of the higher tax rate in Germany. The remeasurement of the 
deferred tax position due to the enacted rate change in the Netherlands is partly offset by the impact of the German tax audit 
on the German current and deferred tax differences. In 2018 the TenneT Group had less deductible interest in comparison to 
2017, the reason for this difference was the use of an interest carry forward in 2017 in Germany. The increase of the tax paid 
by third parties relates to tax paid by the investors in German entities due to increase of profit before tax.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
104
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 104:
Deferred tax relates to the following:
Statement of  
financial position
Statement of  
income
(EUR million) 2018 2017 2018 2017
Auction receipts -182 -215 -32 -32
Investment contributions -62 -73 -12 -
Tariffs to be settled 18 8 -10 -3
Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes -157 -165 -8 -11
Provisions 242 224 -19 -36
Profit allocation to hybrid -5 -4 - -
Other 37 8 -29 49
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) -109 -217
Deferred tax expense/(income) -110 -33
Deferred taxes are presented in the statement of financial position as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Deferred tax assets 15 5
Deferred tax liabilities -124 -222
Deferred tax, net -109 -217
Movements of deferred tax positions are set out below.
(EUR million) 2018 2017
At 1 January -217 -249
Tax expense during the period recognised in statement of income 110 33
Tax income during the period recognised in other comprehensive income -2 -1
At 31 December -109 -217
The Group did not have any tax loss carry forwards as of 31 December 2018.
i Accounting policy
The tax charge for the period is recognised in the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income or directly 
in equity, in accordance with the relevant accounting treatment of the related transaction. The tax charge comprises both 
current and deferred tax.
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from 
or paid to the tax authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to calculate these amounts are those enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date in those countries where we operate and generate taxable income.
Deferred tax is recognised using the liability method with respect to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets 
and liabilities and their respective carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability 
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date in the 
relevant jurisdictions.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
105
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 105:
Deferred tax is generally recognised in respect of all temporary differences, the carry-forward of unused tax credits and any 
unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets (also in association with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint 
arrangements) are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible 
temporary differences and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised. This is assessed 
annually. Deferred tax is not recognised for the temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill or an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become 
probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities must be recognised gross in the statement of financial position unless:
• the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and
• the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on 
either:
• the same taxable entity or
• different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the 
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax 
liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.
3.5 Earnings per share
Earnings per share have been calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholder of the Group, 
after adjustment for the distribution on hybrid securities, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the year. The following table reflects the income and share data used for the basic and diluted earnings per share 
calculations:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholder of the company 420 477
Allocation to hybrid securities -31 -35
Tax effect on allocation to hybrid securities 8 9
Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company adjusted for the allocation to hybrid 
securities 397 451
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (in thousands) 200 200
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
106
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 106:
4.  Grid investments, other tangible fixed assets 
and related commitments
We own a significant physical asset base to operate our transmission grid. To solve 
transmission bottlenecks and ensure grid stability we continue to invest in our 
network. To accommodate expanding renewable energy sources sizable further 
onshore and offshore grid investments in Germany and the Netherlands are necessary 
in the upcoming years. This section focuses on our tangible fixed assets and related 
commitments which form the backbone of our activities. 
4.1 Tangible fixed assets
(EUR million)
High-voltage 
substations
High-voltage 
connections Other assets
Assets under 
construction Total
Cost
At 1 January 2017 6,486 5,290 676 3,736 16,188
Additions 133 119 20 1,491 1,763
Initial recognition of acquired companies (note 5.2) - - 11 - 11
Transfers 302 408 7 -717 -
Changes in estimations (note 5.7.1) 17 24 - - 41
Disposals -8 - - - -8
At 31 December 2017 6,930 5,841 714 4,510 17,995
Additions 206 121 87 1,798 2,212
Transfers 1,198 733 83 -2,014 -
Changes in estimations (note 5.7.1) 1 4 - - 5
Disposals -4 - -2 -22 -28
At 31 December 2018 8,331 6,699 882 4,272 20,184
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2017 1,346 1,348 173 - 2,867
Depreciation for the year 320 233 48 - 601
Disposals -3 - - - -3
At 31 December 2017 1,663 1,581 221 - 3,465
Depreciation for the year 358 262 52 - 672
Disposals -1 - -1 - -2
At 31 December 2018 2,020 1,843 272 - 4,135
Net book value:
At 1 January 2017 5,140 3,942 503 3,736 13,321
At 31 December 2017 5,267 4,260 493 4,510 14,530
At 31 December 2018 6,311 4,856 610 4,272 16,049
High-voltage substations include onshore and offshore transformer and converter stations. High-voltage connections consist 
of overhead and underground connections. Unlike lands for substations, lands surrounding high-voltage pylons and cables 
are generally not owned by the Group. Other tangible fixed assets consist of office buildings, office ICT equipment and other 
company assets.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
107
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 107:
TenneT has decided to terminate the Wintrack II contract with Heijmans-Europoles B.V. (HEP). The contracts concern the 
projects South-West 380 kV West and North-West 380 kV, and involve the design and installation of the high-voltage pylons, 
including civil engineering work for the connections. This decision has led to a write-off of assets under construction with an 
impact of EUR 22 million that is presented in other gains/losses.
In 2018 the discount rate for the decommissioning provision is 2.9% (2017: 3.0%) for OWF connections and is 2.2% 
(2017: 2.2%) for onshore connections (see note 5.7.5). Since the main part of the decommissioning provision was 
recognised as part of the carrying value of the related asset, changes in discount and inflation rate, if any, directly impact this 
carrying value.
The amount of borrowing costs capitalised during 2018 is disclosed in note 3.3. The effective interest rate used to determine 
the amount of borrowing costs capitalised was 2.2% (2017: 2.2%).
Assets under construction and investments
2018 2017
(EUR million) Investments
Assets 
under 
construction Investments
Assets under 
construction
TSO Netherlands 841 1,785 728 1,328
TSO Germany 1,364 2,487 1,033 3,182
Non-regulated activities 7 - 2 -
Total 2,212 4,272 1,763 4,510
i Accounting policy tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are valued at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. 
Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the asset and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the 
recognition criteria are met. When significant parts of the asset are required to be replaced at intervals, such parts are 
recognised as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major maintenance is 
performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement, if the recognition criteria are satisfied. 
All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The present value of the expected cost 
for the decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset, if the recognition criteria for a 
provision are met. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis.
An asset is derecognised on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use. Any gain or loss 
arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the asset) is included in the statement of income when the asset is derecognised.
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of the tangible 
fixed assets, are added to the cost, until such time that the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
No borrowing costs are capitalised where the borrowing costs are directly compensated in the year of construction.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
108
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 108:
+ Key estimates and assumptions tangible fixed assets
To calculate depreciation amounts, the following useful lives of various asset categories are assumed:
Estimated useful lives tangible fixed assets Years
Substations
Switches and offshore converter stations 20-35
Security and control equipment 10-20
Power transformers 20-35
Capacitor banks 20-35
Telecommunications equipment 10-20
Connections
Pylons/lines 35-40
Cables (subsea and underground) 20-40
Other
Office buildings 40-50
Office IT equipment 3-5
Process automation facilities 5
Other company assets 5-10
Residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of assets are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted 
prospectively, if appropriate.
4.2 Contract liabilities
The majority of the contract liabilities relates to investment contributions received from certain third parties for the 
construction of a new substation, a grid connection or increased connection capacity (EUR 305 million; 2017: 
EUR 281 million). This was due to received contributions of EUR 38 million minus EUR 14 million amortisation. The current 
part of the investment contributions amounts to EUR 3 million (2017: EUR 3 million) and is presented separately in the 
statement of financial position. 
i Accounting policy
Contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when TenneT performs under the contract. At initial recognition contributions received from 
third parties are measured at fair value, presented as contract liabilities (‘investment contributions’) and are subsequently 
recognised as revenue over the related asset’s useful life.
4.3 Commitments and contingencies related to investments
Off-balance sheet rights and obligations related to investments consist of the following categories:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Off-balance sheet rights
Bank guarantees received 1,556 1,380
Comfort letters received 693 682
Total 2,249 2,062
Off-balance commitments
Capital commitments 3,611 3,705
Comfort letters issued 775 775
Operating lease commitments 384 283
Total 4,770 4,763
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
109
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 109:
The expected cash flows for capital commitments and other operating lease commitments are equal to the amounts in the 
above table. For comfort letters issued no cash flows are expected. 
The probability of certain off-balance sheet commitments was reassessed from remote to low. This resulted in an increase 
of comfort letter issued. Based on this assessment the comparative figures for the off-balance sheet commitment was 
corrected from EUR 4 million to EUR 775 million. 
4.3.1 Bank guarantees received
Bank guarantees received include guarantees for investment projects.
4.3.2 Comfort letters received
The majority of comfort letters received is from construction companies primarily involved in the construction of German 
offshore projects. 
4.3.3 Capital commitments
Capital commitments relate to commitments entered into with regard to the purchase of tangible fixed assets. Approximately 
EUR 1,974 million of capital commitments are payable within the next 12 months (2017: EUR 1,401 million).
4.3.4 Operating lease commitments
In 2018 the operating lease expenses amount to EUR 159 million (2017: EUR 87 million). The majority of operational lease 
commitments are for power plants. There are also operational leases for offices, telecom, ground and cars. Future minimum 
lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Within the next 12 months 133 93
Whitin 2-5 years 163 149
More than 5 years 88 41
Total 384 283
i Accounting policy
Leases in which not substantially all risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to the lessee are classified as operating 
leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to the statement 
of income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. 
Leases in which substantially all risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to the lessee are classified as financial leases. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
110
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 110:
5.  Other invested capital including working 
capital and provisions
Other invested capital includes intangible assets to support our operations, goodwill 
related to acquired business and working capital. Working capital comprises current 
assets and current liabilities which result from our daily operations (such as trade 
receivables and payables). Our working capital requirements are significantly impacted 
by the execution of the ‘Renewable Energy Sources Act’ (EEG) legislation, our grid 
related accruals and investments.  
 
We carry a provision that reflects the expected cost to remediate and decommission 
our assets. Also in the ordinary course of our business, we are party to several claims 
from and disputes with third parties. We record a provision for these claims and 
disputes when we expect a future cash outflow. 
5.1 Intangible assets
(EUR million) Goodwill Software
Customer 
contracts
Other 
intangible 
assets
Intangible 
assets under 
construction Total
Cost
At 1 January 2017 31 193 64 23 3 314
Additions - 2 - 1 8 11
Initial recognition of acquired companies (note 5.2) - - - 6 - 6
Transfers - 7 - - -7 -
At 31 December 2017 31 202 64 30 4 331
Additions - 6 - - 35 41
Transfers - 36 - - -36 -
At 31 December 2018 31 244 64 30 3 372
Amortisation and impairment
At 1 January 2017 - 159 38 8 - 205
Amortisation for the year - 21 5 2 - 28
At 31 December 2017 - 180 43 10 - 233
Amortisation for the year - 20 5 3 - 28
At 31 December 2018 - 200 48 13 - 261
Net book value:
At 1 January 2017 31 34 26 15 3 109
At 31 December 2017 31 22 21 20 4 98
At 31 December 2018 31 44 16 17 3 111
At 31 December 2018 and 2017, goodwill was allocated to the following cash generating units (CGUs): TSO Netherlands 
(EUR 3 million), TSO Germany (EUR 24 million) and non-regulated activities (EUR 4 million). At year-end all assets under 
construction are presented under the tangible fixed assets. When an asset is finalised it is determined what part relates to 
tangible fixed assets and intangible assets. At year-end an amount of approximately EUR 26 million (2017: EUR 39 million) 
of the assets under construction relates to the intangible assets.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
111
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 111:
i Accounting policy
Intangible assets are measured at acquisition cost on initial recognition. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business 
combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost 
less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding 
capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and expenses are reflected in the statement of income in the period in 
which they are incurred.
Goodwill is initially measured at cost and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over TenneT’s interest in the 
value of the net identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the amount of the non-controlling 
interest in the acquiree. After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
At each reporting date, we assess whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, 
or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. When the carrying amount 
of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable 
amount.
+ Key estimates and assumptions
Estimated useful lives intangible assets Years
Goodwill Indefinite
Software 3-5
Customer contracts 10-14
Purchased rights to use land 25-45
Other 5-15
Intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill, are assumed to have a fixed useful life as shown above and are amortised 
over this useful life. The useful life is re-assessed each reporting period. Intangible assets are amortised on a straight line 
basis, as this best reflects the use of the asset.
Goodwill is assumed to have an indefinite useful life and is therefore not amortised, but is tested for impairment annually or 
more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate a triggering event, either individually or at the CGU level. 
Impairment testing of goodwill 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the CGUs (our 
operating segments) or groups of CGUs expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each CGU or group of 
CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for 
internal management purposes.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate 
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair 
value less costs of disposal, an appropriate valuation model is used, if no recent market transactions can be identified.
The impairment calculation is based on detailed projections, which are prepared separately for each of the CGUs to which 
the individual assets are allocated. The projections reflect current regulatory parameters, taking into account expected future 
regulatory developments. Management believes that the resulting cash flows can be determined reliably and that they give 
an appropriate reflection of the CGUs cash flow generating potential.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
112
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 112:
The recoverable amount of the Germany CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow 
projections from our three year business plan. The pre-tax discount rate applied to cash flow projections was 3.9% 
(2017: 4.1%). The cash flows beyond the three-year period until 2038 were estimated on the basis of regulatory allowed 
returns and invested capital. The terminal value is determined estimating the regulatory asset base as of December 2037. 
We concluded that the recoverable amount was significantly in excess of the carrying value and as such no impairment loss 
needed to be recognised and as such no impairment is required.
5.2 Business combinations
NOVEC has made the decision to sell 60% of the shares of WL Winet B.V. Therefore, on 31 December 2018, the assets and 
liabilities of WL Winet B.V. were classified as held for sale and impaired for EUR 2 million.
Effective 17 February 2017 TenneT acquired the remaining 50% in Relined B.V. from Prorail for a cash consideration of 
EUR 5 million and consequently obtained full control. The acquisition of Relined gave rise to an EUR 3 million gain and 
resulted in the derecognition of the joint venture interest of EUR 2 million.
i Accounting policy
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the 
aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling 
interest in the acquiree. For each business combination, we elect whether to measure the non-controlling interest in the 
acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are 
expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.
Non-current assets held for sale are defined as non-current assets (other than financial instruments or property investments) 
immediately available for sale and highly likely to be sold within a year. Non-current assets held for sale have been stated at 
the lower end of the asset’s carrying value and fair value less costs of disposal.
5.3 Investments in joint ventures and associates
5.3.1 Joint ventures
We have, directly or indirectly, 50% equity stakes in BritNed Development Ltd. (‘BritNed’), DC Nordseekabel GmbH & Co. 
KG (‘NOKA’), DC Nordseekabel Beteiligungs GmbH, DC Nordseekabel Management GmbH, Reddyn B.V., Tensz B.V. and 
TeslaN B.V. These investments are classified as joint ventures, for which only the investments in BritNed (legal seat: Arnhem, 
the Netherlands) and NOKA (legal seat: Bayreuth, Germany) are each considered as an investment of material value. 
Other joint ventures are considered immaterial and are therefore not further disclosed. The Group’s share in profit (which 
is equal to other and total comprehensive income) of these immaterial joint ventures amounted to EUR 4 million in 2018 
(2017: EUR 1 million).
BritNed
BritNed is a joint venture with National Grid International Ltd, the British TSO. It owns and operates a 1,000 MW ‘Direct 
Current’(DC) interconnector between the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Operating costs and trading revenue are 
shared equally between TenneT and National Grid.
NOKA
In February 2015, partner companies Statnett SF, TenneT and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH made a final investment decision 
to establish an interconnector between Norway and Germany under the project name ‘NordLink’. Ownership of the 
interconnector is equally split, with TenneT and KfW owning the Southern part through NOKA, a jointly owned company and 
Statnett owning the Northern part. At the moment the main activities of NOKA are the construction of the Southern part of 
the interconnector. Operating costs and trading revenue are shared equally between NOKA and Statnett.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
113
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 113:
The table below shows summarised financial information of material joint ventures and the reconciliation with their carrying 
amounts. 
2018 2017
Statement of financial position (EUR million) BritNed NOKA BritNed NOKA
Non-current assets 432 686 448 511
Cash and cash equivalents 60 35 16 24
All other current assets 18 22 45 6
Non-current liabilities -11 -56 -11 -35
Current liabilities -44 -85 -37 -142
Equity 455 602 461 364
Ownership TenneT 50% 50% 50% 50%
Carrying amount of the investment 228 301 231 182
2018 2017
Statement of income (EUR million) BritNed NOKA BritNed NOKA
Revenue 108 55 148 36
Depreciation and amortisation -15 - -16 -
Other costs -16 -1 -19 -1
Operating profit 77 54 113 35
Finance income and expenses - -2 - -1
Income tax expense -15 - -22 -
Profit for the year* 62 52 91 34
Ownership TenneT 50% 50% 50% 50%
Group’s share in profit 31 26 46 17
* Profit for the year is equal to other and total comprehensive income.
 BritNed has contingent liabilities of EUR 9 million (2017: EUR 5 million) mainly related to comfort letters issued. NOKA has 
contingent liabilities of EUR 0.5 billion (2017: EUR 0.8 billion) mainly related to investments in tangible fixed assets. 
None of our joint ventures are permitted to distribute profits until consent from all shareholders or partners has been 
obtained. In 2018 EUR 34 million dividend was received from BritNed (2017: EUR 49 million) and EUR 3 million from 
other interests in joint ventures (2017: EUR 1 million). During 2018 we contributed EUR 92 million to NOKA’s capital 
(2017: EUR 72 million).
Other interests in joint ventures amount EUR 1 million at 31 December 2018 (2017: nil).
5.3.2 Associates
At 31 December 2018 our substantial investments in associates consisted of a 34% interest in HGRT and a 25% interest 
in Open Tower Company B.V. (hereafter referred to as ‘OTC’). In addition, the Group holds four immaterial investments in 
Energie Data Services Nederland B.V. (EDSN), European Market Coupling Company GmbH (EMCC) and TSCNET Services 
GmbH (TSC). The Group’s share in profit (which is equal to other and total comprehensive income) of these immaterial 
associates amounted to EUR 4 million in 2018 (2017: EUR 2 million).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
114
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 114:
The summarised financial information of the material associates and reconciliation with their respective carrying amounts, of 
the investment in the consolidated financial statements is as follows:
2018 2017
Statement of financial position (EUR million) HGRT OTC HGRT OTC
Non-current assets 90 99 103 106
Current assets 7 32 1 30
Other non-current liabilities - -167 - -141
Current liabilities - -2 - -17
Equity 97 -38 104 -22
Ownership TenneT 34% 25% 34% 25%
Carrying amount of the investment 33 - 35 -
2018 2017
Statement of income (EUR million) HGRT OTC HGRT OTC
Revenue - 26 - 26
Depreciation and amortisation - -6 - -6
Other costs, gains and losses - -5 - -5
Operating profit - 15 - 15
Finance income and expenses 10 -9 8 -6
Income tax expense - -1 - -2
Profit for the year* 10 5 8 7
Ownership TenneT 34% 25% 34% 25%
Group’s share in profit 3 1 3 2
* Profit for the year is equal to total and other comprehensive income.
HGRT
The legal seat of HGRT is in Paris, France. HGRT holds a 49% stake in EPEX. EPEX is the exchange for the power 
spot markets for the ‘North West Europe’ (NWE) region and the United Kingdom. At 31 December 2018, HGRT had no 
contingent liabilities outstanding (2017: nil). In 2018, EUR 4 million in dividends was received (2017: EUR 2 million). 
OTC
OTC (legal seat: Vianen, the Netherlands) is a holding company and holds majority interests in three asset companies: 
Colonne B.V., Mobile Radio Networks Vehicle B.V. (MRNV) and OTC II B.V. These companies mainly own infrastructure 
assets specifically designed for terrestrial communications. OTC had no contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2018 
(2017: nil). EUR 6 million dividend from OTC was received in 2018 (2017: EUR 2 million). 
Other
Our interest in other associates amounted EUR 4 million at 31 December 2018 (2017: EUR 2 million).
5.3.3 i Accounting policy joint ventures and associates
A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the parties in the arrangement have joint control over the net assets of the joint 
arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions 
about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 
An associate is an entity in which we have significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to 
participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investor.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
115
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 115:
Investments in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the 
investment in the joint venture or associate is initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted 
to recognise changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the investment since the acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the 
associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is neither amortised nor individually tested for impairment.
The statement of income reflects our share in the results of operations of the investment. Any change in other 
comprehensive income of those investors is presented as part of the other comprehensive income. In addition, when there 
is a change recognised directly in the equity of the investment, our share of any change is recognised in the statement of 
changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between us and the investment are eliminated to 
the extent of the interest in the investment. 
When an associate or joint venture makes dividend distributions to us in excess of our carrying amount, a liability is 
recognised if TenneT: 
(i) is obliged to refund the dividend; 
(ii) have incurred a legal or constructive obligation; or  
(iii) made payments on behalf of the associate.  
In the absence of such obligations, the excess in net profit for the period is recognised. When the associate or joint venture 
subsequently makes profits, this is only recognised when they exceed the excess cash distributions recognised in net profit 
plus any previously unrecognised losses.
After application of the equity method, we determine whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on our 
investment in the joint venture or associate. At each reporting date, we determine whether there is objective evidence that 
the investment is impaired. If such evidence exists, the amount of impairment is calculated as the excess of the carrying 
value of the investment over its recoverable amount and recognised in the statement of income.
On loss of significant influence over the joint venture/associate, any retained investment is valued at fair value. Any difference 
between the carrying amount of the investment on loss of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment 
and proceeds from disposal is recognised in the statement of income.
5.4 Other financial assets
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Receivables from related parties 34 23
Receivable from shareholder - 280
Fees for credit facilities available 2 3
Other 6 5
Total 42 311
The receivables from related parties mainly consists of loans granted to NOKA and Mobile Radio Networks Vehicle B.V. (a 
100% subsidiary of OTC) for the amount of EUR 28 million respectively EUR 5 million. For more details about the receivable 
from shareholder see note 5.5. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
116
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 116:
5.5 Account- and other receivables
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Amounts to be invoiced to EEG trade debtors 1,046 1,087
EEG trade receivables 8 40
EEG deposits > 3 month 250 -
Trade receivables 226 288
Amounts to be invoiced 514 479
Receivable from shareholder 280 350
VAT receivables 42 41
Interest receivable 4 4
Other 139 145
Total 2,509 2,434
5.5.1 EEG trade receivables and amounts to be invoiced to EEG trade debtors
In accordance with the Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) in Germany, TSOs like TenneT TSO GmbH are required to 
purchase electricity from producers of renewable energy at fixed feed-in tariffs. Subsequently such renewable energy is sold 
on power exchanges at spot prices.
The difference is fully compensated by an EEG levy, determined annually, which is part of German consumer tariffs. EEG 
revenues and expenses are legally required to be administrated separately and are legally bound to be equal, except for 
certain potential bonus amounts payable to TenneT for marketing the energy on the power exchange. The EEG levy also 
includes an additional liquidity buffer to avoid a net financing need for the TSOs. We act as an agent with respect to these 
EEG services.
EEG trade debtors and receivables consist of the accrual of unbilled EEG levy mainly for the month December, the 
outstanding invoices for the EEG levy, the accrual for horizontal balancing amounts (i.e. unsettled charges to the other 
German TSOs) and energy trading revenues. EEG trade receivables are not at our free disposal. Refer to 5.6 for the EEG 
accounts payable.
Refer to 6.7 for EEG deposits.
5.5.2 Trade receivables
As at 31 December, the ageing analysis of the trade receivables was as follows:
Past due
(EUR million) Total Not past due
0-30 
days
31-60 
days
More than 
60 days
2018 226 193 8 5 20
2017 288 254 11 3 20
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
117
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 117:
Changes in the provision for expected credit loss were as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
At 1 January 9 5
Transition effect IFRS 9 1 -
Charge for the year 8 5
Utilised -3 -
Unused amounts reversed -3 -1
At 31 December 12 9
As at 31 December 2018, receivables with an initial value of EUR 4 million (2017: EUR 1 million) were fully provided for. 
5.5.3 Amounts to be invoiced
The majority of the amounts to be invoiced relate to unbilled grid fees and rechargeable offshore costs in Germany.
5.5.4 Receivable from shareholder
Receivable from shareholder reflects our contractual right to receive the cash consideration following the 2016 capital 
commitment. The EUR 350 million receivable from 2017 was received in 2018. The EUR 280 million is due in 2019 and was 
presented under non-current other financial assets in 2017.
5.6 Account- and other payables
(EUR million) 2018 2017
EEG accounts payable 2,479 2,342
Accounts payable 301 204
Payables in connection with tangible fixed assets purchases 211 365
Grid expenses payable 1,071 1,029
Interest payable 92 97
Social securities and other taxes payable 35 11
Payables to related parties 20 20
Other payables 205 286
Total 4,414 4,354
5.6.1 EEG accounts payable
See note 5.5.1.
5.6.2 Payables in connection with tangible fixed assets purchases
Payables in connection with tangible fixed assets purchases relates to unbilled services and deliveries for onshore and 
offshore investment projects.
5.6.3 Grid expenses payable
The grid expenses payable consists mainly of accrued expenses for (i) feed-in management, and (ii) redispatch measures.
Key estimates and assumptions
In terms of accrued expenses for measures taken to restore the imbalance of the electricity grid, we procure balancing 
services and ask various generators to come on or off the grid to help balance supply and demand or to manage 
‘constraints’ (i.e. bottlenecks) in the electricity grid. At year-end, we record an accrual for all balancing costs. The accrual is 
based on actual volumes (if available) or forecast volumes derived from models. Several assumptions regarding such matters 
as weather conditions, requested volumes and capacity per plant are made in these models. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
118
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 118:
Prices are based on the underlying contracts and/or historical data. The complexity of the electricity market and uncertainties 
in assessing, variable renewable energy production makes estimating the grid expenses payable a complex task. 
5.6.4 Other payables
Other payables mainly comprise compensation payments to offshore wind farms, personnel related liabilities and accruals for 
which invoices are not yet received. 
Key estimates and assumptions
Compensation payments to OWFs are based on amounts of electricity which could not be fed into the grid. The pass-
through accrual is based on a comparison of the costs incurred and the revenue generated by the offshore liability 
surcharge.
5.7 Provisions
2018 2017
(EUR million) Current Non-current Total Current Non-current Total
Environmental and decommissioning 11 665 676 24 570 594
Tariff related 28 5 33 41 16 57
Other 47 104 151 27 111 138
Total 86 774 860 92 697 789
(EUR million)
Environmental 
management 
and 
decommis-
sioning Tariff related Other Total
At 1 January 2017 513 127 143 783
Addition 28 8 24 60
Utilisation -3 -21 -7 -31
Changes in estimations 47 - - 47
Unused amounts reversed -9 -58 -22 -89
Imputed interest 18 1 - 19
At 31 December 2017 594 57 138 789
Addition 71 3 11 85
Utilisation -4 -9 -3 -16
Changes in estimations 8 - 5 13
Unused amounts reversed -10 -18 -1 -29
Imputed interest 17 - 1 18
At 31 December 2018 676 33 151 860
5.7.1 Provisions for environmental management and decommissioning
Provisions for environmental management and decommissioning serves to cover future obligations in relation to high-
voltage connections and underground cables, and to cover the decommissioning costs. In 2018 this included an additional 
EUR 70 million (2017: EUR 10 million) for future decommissioning costs for projects constructed during 2018. Changes 
in estimations relate to the provision for decommissioning for EUR 5 million (2017: EUR 42 million). Both were not 
recognised through the statement of income. There was no significant decommissioning of substations in 2018. The first 
decommissioning of an offshore grid connection is expected to start in 2029.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
119
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 119:
5.7.2 Tariff related provisions
Tariff-related provisions mainly relate to provisions for system service fees in the Netherlands. We charge electricity 
consumers a fee for system services performed. Following a change in law, the court in the Netherlands concluded that only 
parties with a direct connection to a grid maintained by a TSO are required to pay system service fees for the period prior 
to 31 December 2014. Consequently, we are required to refund certain amounts to parties without a direct grid connection. 
These refunds can be recouped through future tariffs. In 2018 EUR 18 million (2017: EUR 58 million) of the provided amount 
matured and was released to the statement of income.
5.7.3 Other provisions
The majority of the other provisions relate to risks associated with delays and interruptions of offshore connections in 
Germany. The connection of OWFs presents additional technical and organisational challenges. A number of factors, 
including a lack of supplier resources required for the construction of offshore grid connection system, as well as weather 
conditions and the application of new technologies, hindered the timely realisation and/or interrupted the operational phase 
of offshore grid connection systems. TenneT based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available at the time the 
consolidated financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, 
however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond control. Such changes are reflected 
in assumptions when they occur. 
5.7.4 i Accounting policy provisions
Provisions are recognised when there is (i) a legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, (ii) it is probable that an 
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and (iii) when the amount can be 
reliably estimated. The provisions are measured at the present value of estimated cash flows to settle the obligation, based 
on expected price levels. The cash flows are discounted at a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability. 
The interest unwinding is recognised in the statement of income as a finance cost.
Estimated future costs are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate. Changes in estimated future costs and discount 
rates for decommissioning costs are recognised as changes in estimations in the tangible fixed assets. For all other 
provisions changes in estimated future costs and discount rates are recognised in the statement of income.
5.7.5 + Key estimates and assumptions provisions
The estimated decommissioning provision involves assessing the expected remaining useful life of the relevant asset. The 
useful life of the offshore grid connections is estimated at 20 years. Decommissioning costs are provided for at the present 
value of expected costs to settle the obligation. This provision assumes a discount rate of 2.9% (2017: 3.0%) and an inflation 
rate of 2.9% (2017: 3.0%). A change in the discount rate of 1% could have a maximum impact of EUR 71 million on the 
asset value. The onshore substations, cables and powerlines have a lower risk profile for which a discount rate of 2.2% 
(2017: 2.2%) is used to calculate the net present value of expenditures. A change in discount rate of 1% could have an 
impact of EUR 1 million on the related book value. 
 
A discount rate of 2.2% is applied for environmental management provisions (2017: 2.2%).
The estimated amount of the risks associated with delays and interruptions concerning the Group’s offshore activities in 
Germany is based on the number of offshore grid connections, and the compensation paid to the offshore grid connections.
We are of the opinion that the recorded provisions reflect the best estimate of the probable outflow of resources. However, 
uncertainty about the assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying 
amount of these provisions in future periods.
5.8 Inventory
Inventory is primarily composed of oil which is used for measures taken at power plants that are standing by for TenneT.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
120
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 120:
6. Capital structure and financing
To keep pace with the rising electricity consumption, the need for more transport 
capacity and shift in production areas, we must invest substantially in upgrading and 
expanding our high-voltage grid. Therefore, a solid financial standing is needed to 
maintain good access to the financial markets to fund the necessary investments in 
our infrastructure. This section focuses on capital management, financing and the 
related risks. 
6.1 Capital management
The primary objective of our capital structure is to ensure that we have a solid financial position to anticipate changes in the 
regulatory environment and to enable us to execute our extensive investment programme which is essential for the success 
of the energy transition in the Netherlands and Germany. The majority of the funding for our investment programme comes 
from the debt capital markets i.e. from institutional investors, commercial banks and international financial institutions (e.g. 
the European Investment Bank). 
To maintain excellent access to financial markets at favourable conditions, we have defined capital management 
objectives, policies and processes that aims to:
1. maintain a senior unsecured long-term credit rating of at least A3/A-;
2. maintain a Funds From Operations (FFO) to Net debt ratio based on ‘underlying’ financial information of at least 8%;
3. diversify the maturities of long-term funding instruments to limit refinancing risk;
4. maintain liquidity through cash and undrawn committed credit lines covering at least our net cash requirement on a rolling 
12-month forward-looking basis.
Our capital management objectives, policies or processes were unchanged during 2018.
1. Maintain a senior unsecured credit rating of at least A3/A-
As of 31 December 2018 TenneT Holding B.V. had the following senior unsecured credit ratings from Standard & Poor’s and 
Moody’s Investor Service, which comply with our financial policy. 
Credit rating at 31 December 2018 and 2017
Long-term 
rating
Short-term 
rating
Standard & Poor's
A– (stable 
outlook) A-2
Moody’s Investor Service
A3 (stable 
outlook) P-2
2. Maintain a FFO/Net debt ratio based on underlying financial information of at least 8%
To maintain a solid financial position, we intend to maintain a FFO/Net debt ratio of at least 8% based on underlying financial 
information (see note 2), which meet the requirements for an A-/A3 long-term unsecured credit rating as formulated by the 
credit rating agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investor Service.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
121
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 121:
A reconciliation of the FFO and net debt is provided in the following table. 
Based on underlying information (EUR million) 2018 2017
Net profit for the year 443 531
+ amortisation, depreciation and impairments 721 651
+ result on disposal of assets (non-cash) 26 7
Total FFO 1,190 1,189
Net debt
+ Long term borrowings 7,964 6,786
+ Short term borrowings 756 917
+ Bank overdrafts - 39
- Cash and cash equivalents at free disposal -8 -55
Total net debt 8,712 7,687
FFO/net debt 13.7% 15.5%
3. Diversify the maturities of long-term funding instruments to limit refinancing risk
To minimise refinancing risk, we aim to diversify the maturity profile of our senior debt. As of 31 December 2018, our interest 
bearing debt (excluding bank overdrafts) had the following annual redemption profile:
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 20282025 2026 2027 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 20382035 2036 2037 2039 2040
1,250
1,000
750
500
250
0
Annual redemption of debt
EUR million
4. Maintain liquidity through cash and undrawn committed credit lines covering at least the Group’s net cash 
requirement on a rolling 12-month forward-looking basis
We monitor the liquidity of the Group on a rolling 12-month forward-looking basis. This means that the sum of (i) cash and 
cash equivalents, (ii) undrawn committed credit facilities and (iii) 12-month net cash flow from operating activities should be 
sufficient to meet the expected aggregate of scheduled debt repayments, investments in fixed assets and dividend payments 
over the subsequent 12 months. To support the 12-month liquidity requirement, we signed a EUR 500 million euro-
denominated Green US Private Placement with maturities of 10 till 15 years, in three tranches, with settlement in January 
2019, have a EUR 2.2 billion revolving credit facility (RCF) and a EUR 350 million committed undrawn EIB facility available as 
of 31 December 2018. The 12-month liquidity requirement was met on 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017. 
6.2 Equity
6.2.1 Equity attributable to owners of the company
Paid-up and called-up capital
The Company’s authorised share capital amounts to EUR 500 million (2017: EUR 500 million), divided into one million shares 
of EUR 500 each. Of these shares, two hundred thousand shares have been issued and paid-up.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
122
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 122:
Share premium reserve
The share premium reserve consists of the capital contribution granted by the shareholder of ordinary shares, the Dutch 
State represented by the Ministry of Finance. In December 2016 the Dutch State formally agreed to contribute up to 
EUR 1.19 billion of additional equity over the period 2017-2020 to finance TenneT’s Dutch onshore- and offshore investment 
portfolio. The first tranche of EUR 150 million was received early March 2017. In 2018, TenneT received the second tranche 
of EUR 350 million. The third tranche of EUR 280 million will be made available in 2019. The final tranche of EUR 410 million 
in 2020 is conditional and will only be granted after further consideration of the financial situation of TenneT at that time. The 
final tranche is not part of the share premium reserve. 
Hedging reserve
The hedging reserve relates to the cumulative result of sold forward-starting interest rate swaps (hereafter referred to as 
‘FSIRS’), classified as cash flow hedges. The interest rate swaps were sold at the moment Euro Medium Term Notes 
(‘EMTN’) were issued in 2010 and 2011. The end term of the original FSIRS is 2020 and 2021. As at 31 December 2018, the 
2020 FSIRS amounts to EUR -1 million and for the 2021 FSIRS amounts to EUR 4 million.
Retained earnings
Part of the retained earnings has been presented as legal reserve. For more details see note 8.8.
Hybrid securities
Hybrid securities are deeply subordinated securities and are, with the exception of common equity, the most junior 
instruments in the capital structure of the company. The hybrid securities are undated and do not default on non-payment of 
coupons (unless such payment was mandatory following a resolution or payment of a dividend to common shareholders, i.e. 
as so called ‘dividend pusher’). 
The holders of the hybrid securities have limited ability to influence the outcome of a bankruptcy proceeding or a 
restructuring outside bankruptcy. Consequently, the hybrid security holders cannot oblige us to pay interest or redeem the 
securities in part or in full. Payment of interest on and redemption of the loan is at our sole discretion. As a result, the hybrid 
securities are classified as part of the equity attributable to the company’s equity holders.
The hybrid securities bear an optional, cumulative coupon of 2.995%, payable at TenneT’s discretion annually on 1 June 
of each year. As at 31 December 2018, the unpaid cumulative dividend amounts to EUR 18 million (2017: EUR 18 million), 
relating to the period 1 June until 31 December and payable on 1 June 2019.
On 13 August 2018, the European investment Bank (EIB) obtained EUR 100 million hybrid securities, reaffirming its support 
for the NordLink interconnector between Germany and Norway, after the loans to TenneT and Statnett in 2017.
Dividend distribution
In 2018 a common full-year dividend of EUR 147 million (EUR 735 per share) to our ordinary shareholder was distributed. In 
agreement with the State of the Netherlands we have established a dividend policy with a pay-out of 35% of the underlying 
profit for the year after payments of distributions to hybrid securities holders and minority investors. We made a distribution 
to the holders of hybrid securities of EUR 30 million during 2018 (2017: EUR 37 million). The income tax benefit resulting 
from the latter distribution amounted to EUR 8 million during 2018 (2017: EUR 9 million). The appropriation of the 2018 profit 
is at the free disposal of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
123
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 123:
6.2.2 Non-controlling interests
The proportion of economic interests held by non-controlling interests in the Group’s subsidiaries is as follows:
% Non Controlling Interests Country 2018 2017
TenneT Offshore 2. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH ("TO2") Germany 69% 69%
TenneT Offshore 8. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH ("TO8") Germany 63% 63%
TenneT Offshore DolWin3 Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG ("TOD3") Germany 59% 61%
TenneT Offshore DolWin3 Verwaltungs GmbH ("TODV") Germany 67% 67%
ETPA Holding B.V. ("ETPA") Netherlands 50% 60%
The Group has the power to control TO2, TO8, TOD3 and TODV, and holds 51% of the voting rights in these entities. 
TenneT acquired, an additional 10.002% of the voting interest and economic rights in ETPA effective 19 April 2018. After this 
transaction TenneT holds 50.002% of the voting rights and controls ETPA. Movements in the non-controlling interest, to the 
extent material, is summarised below.
(EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
At 1 January 2017 264 286 421
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 15 23 38
Dividends paid -18 -25 -
Capital contribution 6 9 -
Capital repayment - - -162
At 31 December 2017 267 293 297
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 8 18 64
Dividends paid -29 -50 -
Capital repayment - - -72
At 31 December 2018 246 261 289
The non-controlling interest in TODV and TOD3 are held by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners (CIP), which owns a 67% 
economic interest in the adjusted (for certain regulatory effects) profits of these companies. The non-controlling interest in 
TO2 and TO8 are held by Mitsubishi Corporation, which owns aggregate 49% of the voting interest and respectively 69% 
and 63% of the economic rights. 
Financial information of these subsidiaries, to the extent material, is summarised below on a consolidated basis before 
intercompany eliminations and in conformity with our accounting principles.
2018
Statement of financial position (EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Non-current assets 1,031 1,557 1,662
Current assets 132 106 24
Non-current liabilities -691 -1,129 -1,129
Current liabilities -115 -121 -64
Equity 357 413 493
Attributable to owners of the parent 111 152 204
Attributable to non-controlling interests 246 261 289
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
124
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 124:
2017
Statement of financial position (EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Non-current assets 1,079 1,638 1,483
Current assets 131 105 37
Non-current liabilities -729 -1,190 -873
Current liabilities -92 -86 -146
Equity 389 467 501
Attributable to owners of the parent 122 174 204
Attributable to non-controlling interests 267 293 297
2018
Statement of income (EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Revenue 174 240 225
Depreciation and amortisation -83 -99 -38
Other expenses -49 -60 -9
Operating profit 42 81 178
Finance income and expenses -24 -39 -22
Income tax expense -6 -13 -20
Profit for the year 12 29 136
Other comprehensive income - - -
Total comprehensive income 12 29 136
Attributable to non-controlling interests 8 18 64
Capital repayment to non-controlling interests - - 72
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 29 50 -
2017
Statement of income (EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Revenue 182 249 132
Depreciation and amortisation -79 -98 -
Other costs -45 -59 -2
Operating profit 58 92 130
Finance income and expenses -25 -40 -18
Income tax expense -11 -17 -14
Profit for the year 22 35 98
Other comprehensive income - - -
Total comprehensive income 22 35 98
Attributable to non-controlling interests 15 23 38
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests - 25 -
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
125
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 125:
2018
(EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Net cash flows from operating activities -13 -18 32
Net cash flows used in investing activities -2 -16 -213
Net cash flows from financing activities 15 34 181
Change in cash and cash equivalents - - -
2017
(EUR million) TO2 TO8 TOD3
Net cash flows from operating activities 99 91 109
Net cash flows used in investing activities -38 -83 -133
Net cash flows from financing activities -61 -8 24
Change in cash and cash equivalents - - -
6.3 Borrowings
(EUR million)
Effective 
interest rate Maturity
Redemption 
schedule 2018 2017
2.125% bond 2013 EUR 500 million 2.22% Nov-20 At maturity 499 499
0.875% green bond 2015 EUR 500 million 0.96% Jun-21 At maturity 499 499
4.50% bond 2010 EUR 500 million 4.60% Feb-22 At maturity 498 496
4.625% bond 2011 EUR 500 million 4.70% Feb-23 At maturity 499 499
0.75% green bond 2017 EUR 500 million 0.87% Jun-25 At maturity 496 496
1.000% green bond 2016 EUR 500 million 1.04% Jun-26 At maturity 498 498
1.75% green bond 2015 EUR 500 million 1.83% Jun-27 At maturity 497 497
1.375% green bond 2018 EUR 500 million 1.49% Jun-28 At maturity 494 -
1.375% green bond 2017 EUR 500 million 1.41% Jun-29 At maturity 498 498
4.75% bond 2010 EUR 200 million 4.92% Jun-30 At maturity 196 196
1.250% green bond 2016 EUR 500 million 1.35% Oct-33 At maturity 493 492
2.0% green bond 2018 EUR 750 million 2.04% Jun-34 At maturity 745 -
1.875% green bond 2016 EUR 500 million 1.97% Jun-36 At maturity 492 491
Non-current interest-bearing bonds 6,404 5,161
0.813% loan 2016 EUR 125 million 0.81% 2019-2038 Linear 119 125
2.74% loan 2012 EUR 150 million 2.74% Sep-23 At maturity 150 150
4.12% loan 2010 EUR 150 million 4.12% Jan-21 At maturity 150 150
0.72% loan 2015 EUR 500 million 0.72% 2018-2032 Linear 447 483
0.77% loan 2015 EUR 150 million 0.77% 2018-2037 Linear 134 142
4.44% loan 2010 EUR 140 million 4.44% 2016-2023 Linear 42 54
4.71% loan 2010 EUR 40 million 4.71% 2016-2022 Linear 9 12
4.40% loan 2010 EUR 40 million 4.40% 2016-2021 Linear 10 10
Non-current interest-bearing loans 1,061 1,126
0.646% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 77 million 0.67% May-22 At maturity 77 77
0.989% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 100 million 1.01% May-24 At maturity 100 100
1.310% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 55 million 1.32% May-26 At maturity 55 55
1.500% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 50 million 1.51% May-28 At maturity 50 50
1.750% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 43 million 1.76% May-31 At maturity 42 42
1.750% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 95 million 1.76% May-31 At maturity 95 95
2.000% green Schuldschein 2016 EUR 80 million 2.01% May-36 At maturity 80 80
Non-current interest-bearing Schuldschein 499 499
Total non-current interest-bearing borrowings 7,964 6,786
Continuation >
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
126
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 126:
(EUR million)
Effective 
interest rate Maturity
Redemption 
schedule 2018 2017
3.88% bond 2011 EUR 500 million 3.00% Feb-18 At maturity - 500
Current interest-bearing bonds - 500
Cash loans -0.01% Jan-19 At maturity 100 110
EUR commercial papers -0.33% Jan-19 At maturity 591 265
0.813% loan 2016 EUR 125 million 0.81% Oct-19 Linear 6 -
0.72% loan 2015 EUR 500 million 0.72% Sep-19 Linear 34 18
0.77% loan 2015 EUR 150 million 0.77% Jan-19 Linear 8 7
4.44% loan 2010 EUR 140 million 4.44% Nov-19 Linear 11 11
4.71% loan 2010 EUR 40 million 4.71% Nov-19 Linear 3 3
4.40% loan 2010 EUR 40 million 4.40% Nov-19 Linear 3 3
Current interest-bearing loans 756 417
Total current interest-bearing borrowings 756 917
Total borrowings 8,720 7,703
Changes in our borrowings arising from our financing activities are as follows:
(EUR million)
(Non)-current 
interest- 
bearing bonds
(Non)-current 
interest- 
bearing loans
Non-current 
interest- 
bearing 
Schuldschein Total
At 1 January 2017 4,668 2,295 499 7,462
Cash inflow from new borrowings 995 375 - 1,370
Cash outflow from redemptions - -1,127 - -1,127
Amortisation (non-cash) -2 - - -2
At 31 December 2017 5,661 1,543 499 7,703
Cash inflow from new borrowings 1,239 691 - 1,930
Cash outflow from redemptions -500 -417 - -917
Amortisation (non-cash) 4 - - 4
At 31 December 2018 6,404 1,817 499 8,720
A group of 11 banks has provided TenneT a Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of EUR 2.2 billion maturing 31 December 2021. 
Besides that, the Group has signed a EUR 500 million euro-denominated Green US Private Placement, in three tranches, 
with settlement in January 2019 and received a loan facility of EUR 350 million from the European Investment bank (EIB)
related to the NordLink project       . The agreement was signed on 3 April 2017, which at year end 2018 was undrawn. 
The borrowings and undrawn facilities have no financial covenants.
For more information about the fair value and applicable accounting policy, see note 6.5 and 6.6, respectively.
< Continuation
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
127
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 127:
6.4 Cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts
Cash and cash equivalents consist of:
2018 2017
(EUR million)
At free 
disposal
Not at free 
disposal Total
At free 
disposal
Not at free 
disposal Total
Collateral securities - 71 71 - 61 61
EEG funds - 1,024 1,024 - 1,213 1,213
EEG deposits < 3 months - 150 150 - - -
Cash at bank 8 - 8 55 - 55
Cash and cash equivalents 8 1,245 1,253 55 1,274 1,329
Bank overdrafts - - - -39 - -39
Total cash and cash equivalents used in cash 
flow statement 8 1,245 1,253 16 1,274 1,290
Since 2016, funds related to EEG have been legally separated as required by BNetzA. EEG Funds are not at the Group’s free 
disposal. For further reference regarding EEG we refer to note 5.5.1. 
Cash at banks carry interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.
i Accounting policy
In the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank, deposits held at call with 
banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of three months or less and are presented net 
of outstanding bank overdrafts. Securities are deposits on collaterals that serve as financial security for auction and energy 
exchange transactions. A matching obligation is recognised towards the party that deposited the funds on the collateral. 
Securities are initially stated at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost.
6.5 Fair values
The table below provides an overview of the carrying value and fair value of financial instruments, including IFRS treatment, 
and the level in the valuation hierarchy the instruments are measured at fair value. 
Carrying amount Fair value
(EUR million) Notes 2018 2017 2018 2017 Hierarchy
Financial liabilities
Borrowings:
- Borrowings – bonds 6.3 6,404 5,661 6,734 6,064 Level 1
- Borrowings – other 6.3 2,316 2,042 2,323 2,087 Level 2
Total 8,720 7,703 9,057 8,151
As at 31 December 2018, no instruments carried at fair value were held (2017: nil). Furthermore, we concluded that the fair 
value of the loans and receivables, cash and cash equivalents, account- and other payables, and other financial liabilities 
approximate their carrying amounts at year end 2018, due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
The following hierarchy by valuation technique is used in calculating the fair value of assets and liabilities:
• Level 1: Measurement based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
• Level 2: Measurement based on inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
• Level 3: Measurement based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, 
unobservable inputs).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
128
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 128:
The fair value of the level 2 borrowings is based on discounted cash flows. A change in the assumptions used to calculate 
the fair value will not result in a significantly different outcome. There were no transfers between the fair value hierarchy levels 
during 2018. 
6.6 i Accounting policies for financial instruments
Financial assets
Financial assets in general are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through 
other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss. All TenneT’s financial assets are classified as 
amortised cost, because the following two conditions are met
• The financial asset are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows. 
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to 
impairment.
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for financial assets. ECLs are based on the difference 
between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to 
receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. For trade receivables and contract assets, the 
Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but 
instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. 
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of 
directly attributable transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings 
including bank overdrafts.
After initial recognition at fair value, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost 
using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as 
through the EIR amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance expense in the 
statement of profit or loss.
6.7 Financial risk management
Our business activities are exposed to a number of financial risks such as interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and 
refinancing risk, which are described in detail in this note. Our financial risk management strategy primarily focuses on 
protecting the liquidity, equity capital and net result in order to safeguard our ability to continue active operations while providing 
an adequate return to our shareholders. Our approach to managing financial risks, including a number of specific disclosures 
(such as a maturity analysis of contractual undiscounted financial obligations) required by accounting standards, are set out in 
this note. For details about regulatory risks we refer to the ‘Risk Management’ section of our Executive Board report.
Risk management related to financing activities is conducted by our Treasury department under policies included 
in the Treasury Statute approved by our Executive Board and Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. Our financial 
risk management objectives, policies and processes remained unchanged in 2018 compared to 2017. The Treasury 
department’s objective is to facilitate the realisation of our financial and strategic objectives from a funding and financial 
risk perspective. The Treasury Statute includes principles covering specific areas such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk, the 
use of derivatives, and the investment of excess liquidity. The use of all ordinary course financial instruments is permitted, 
provided these are used solely to cover open positions. Any speculative use of financial instruments is expressly not 
authorised. Our Executive Board has also approved specific risk management solutions such as the issuance of new debt 
capital market instruments.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
129
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 129:
Interest rate risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our debt portfolio. To limit this risk, our policy is to base the majority of our 
loan portfolio on fixed interest rates. As of 31 December 2018, the long-term loan portfolio was entirely based on fixed 
interest rates. An increase or decrease in interest rates of 2 percentage points would result in an increase or decrease of 
EUR 14 million in our net interest cost (2017: EUR 8 million) resulting from short-term loans.
Furthermore, there is a risk that interest payable on borrowings exceeds the interest compensation by TenneT under the 
prevailing regulatory systems. The ACM has set the relevant interest rate which will linearly decrease from 3.58% in 2016 to 
2.29% in 2021. In Germany, the actual interest costs are compensated up to a predefined maximum on a rolling average 
basis.
Credit risk
In general we are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties’ defaulting on their commitments including failure 
to pay or make a delivery on a contract. Our exposure to credit risk from operating activities and treasury activities is inherent 
to our business activities.
Operational credit risk 
In respect of our operating activities, we have a credit policy in place, which takes into account the risk profiles of our 
counterparties. We also have policies in place to monitor the financial viability of counterparties.
In both the Netherlands and Germany, we are responsible for maintaining the balance between supply and demand of 
energy. The associated costs are covered by income from parties with balance responsibility, which are charged for any 
imbalances attributable to them. Any surplus is deducted from subsequent tariffs for system services. For certain situations, 
securities in the form of bank guarantees and collaterals are held as protection against the default risk of parties with balance 
responsibility. 
With respect to the investment projects, we require counterparties to deliver bank guarantees or collaterals as a protection 
against defaults. 
The management of energy exchanges, the execution of the Renewable Energy Act in Germany and the maintenance of the 
energy balance between supply and demand requires transfer of large cash amounts. Our policies are aimed at minimising 
the risks associated with the clearing transactions in connection with these cash flows.
Credit risk on trade and other receivables is limited, because most trade and other debtors have a low risk of default. TenneT 
has no material collateral as security and no insurance for credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting 
date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets disclosed in note 5.4 and 5.5. The movement of the allowance for 
expected credit losses of trade receivables is included in note 5.5.2.
The provision rates for expected credit losses are based on groupings of various customer segments with similar loss 
patterns (such as customer type and arrears in payments). Any expected credit losses for financial guarantee contracts and 
commitment letters (if any) are also provided for. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value 
of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current 
conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables and other financial assets are written-
off if there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows. The Group considers a financial asset in 
default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, TenneT may also consider a financial 
asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding 
contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
130
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 130:
Financial credit risk 
In 2018, financial credit risk arose mainly from our transactions and positions with 50 institutions. As at 31 December 
2018, the maximum credit risk amounted to EUR 37 million (2017: EUR 55 million). Funds related to EEG are not at our 
free disposal and are legally separated from our cash at bank. In accordance with EEG legislation, shortfalls are reimbursed 
through the subsequent year’s EEG levy. As a result, there is no credit risk on the side of TenneT TSO GmbH regarding the 
EEG funds and these are therefore not included in the aforementioned credit risk amount.
In accordance with our treasury policies, counterparty credit exposure is monitored frequently against the counterparty credit 
limits. We have concentration limits in place when funds are placed on deposit or when financial derivatives are entered 
into. At 31 December 2018 we have EUR 400 million deposits with third parties for EEG cash amounts (2017: nil) and no 
financial derivatives outstanding. An amount of EUR 250 million of the deposits has an maturity of more than 3 months.
Management does not expect any significant losses from non-performance by treasury counterparties.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group cannot meet its short-term financial obligations. Our objective when 
managing liquidity is to be able to meet our short-term obligations at all times. Liquidity is monitored every quarter on a 
rolling 12-month forward-looking basis. The liquidity requirement was met each quarter including 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2017 as explained in note 6.1.
The following maturity schedule presents our financial obligations on a contractual, non-discounted basis:
(EUR million) Notes <1 month 1 to 3 months
3 to 12 
months 1 to 5 years
More than 5 
years Total
At 31 December 2018
Borrowings 6.3 543 148 223 3,171 6,001 10,086
Account- and other payables 5.6 1,052 885 2,344 1 - 4,282
Other financial liabilities 71 - - - - 71
Total 1,666 1,033 2,567 3,172 6,001 14,439
At 31 December 2017
Borrowings 6.3 113 832 128 2,489 5,348 8,910
Account- and other payables 5.6 2,209 587 1,461 - - 4,257
Other financial liabilities 61 - - - - 61
Total 2,383 1,419 1,589 2,489 5,348 13,228
Our borrowings, have a diversified maturity profile, which reduces refinancing risks (see also note 6.1). 
In order to minimise our exposure to liquidity risk, we have a EUR 2.2 billion committed revolving credit facility (RCF) at 
our disposal for general corporate purposes. At 31 December 2018, this facility was undrawn. Furthermore, we have 
successfully signed our first euro-denominated Green US Private Placement of EUR 500 million, which is in three tranches, 
with settlement in January 2019 and we had EUR 350 million of undrawn long-term loan commitments from the EIB available 
at 31 December 2018. Finally, we had EUR 450 million of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at year end. At 
the balance sheet date, EUR 0 million (2017: EUR 39 million) were drawn from these facilities.
The size of our credit facilities is such that we expect that all substantial adverse financial developments and events can 
reasonably be expected to be accommodated and that continuation of day-to-day operations is ensured for at least 12 
months. The terms and conditions of our credit facilities include negative pledge and pari passu clauses. No security interest 
over any of the Group’s assets has been provided. All credit facilities have floating-rate interest conditions.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
131
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 131:
We also have access to diversified funding sources through our EUR 15 billion EMTN programme and our EUR 2.2 billion CP 
programme. Both programmes significantly reduce our dependency on the banking sector.
We expect to meet our financial obligations for 2019 with (i) cash and cash equivalents, (ii) funds from operations (iii) unused 
credit facilities, (iv) capital contribution from the Dutch State and (v) capital market transactions. We expect to meet our 
financial obligations for the subsequent years through various capital market transactions and intend to manage future 
refinancing risks by spreading the tenors of new financing arrangements. 
Refinancing risk
There is a risk of a lack of access to equity on a sustainable basis. This risk reflects the inability to raise additional equity in 
a timely fashion in case of large increases in our investment portfolio or negative regulatory developments. Actions taken in 
order to mitigate this risk are: (i) active financing strategy to create and maintain an optimal capital structure as well as to 
diversify funding sources and manage financial risks, (ii) proactive approach of potential investors and active discussion with 
shareholder to contribute additional equity and (iii) lobbying activities to ensure that regulatory frameworks remain adequate 
to safeguard regulators income and returns to investors. 
To address this risk, TenneT’s shareholder the Dutch State, made available up to EUR 1.19 billion of additional equity over 
the period 2017-2020 to enable the financing of future investments in the Dutch grid (see note 6.2.1). The additional equity 
is paid in yearly tranches. The final tranche of EUR 410 million in 2020 is conditional and will only be granted after further 
consideration of the financial situation of TenneT at that time.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
132
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 132:
7. Other disclosures
Other mandatory disclosures, such as details of pension liabilities and related party 
transactions, which are not directly related to our business are described in this note.
7.1 Net employee defined benefit liabilities
7.1.1 Pension plans Germany
We have defined benefit plans for the majority of our German personnel. Said personnel are mainly employed based on the 
collective labour agreement of ‘Tarifgruppe Energie’ and thus enjoys benefits in the form of old-age, disability and surviving 
dependents’ pensions. The large majority of the benefit obligations are based on pension schemes that define annual 
pension claims based on respective employee’s pensionable income of the particular year. Furthermore, each employee is 
allowed to defer a certain amount compensation to raise the annual pension claim within defined bounds.
The Group contributes to two post-employment defined benefit plans in Germany: a works council agreement called 
‘Betriebliche Alterssicherung’ (hereafter referred to as ‘pension scheme 2001’) and a works council agreement called 
‘Beitragsplan’ (hereafter referred to as ‘pension scheme 2008’), as well as to a small number of individual pension 
commitments. The pension obligations related to these plans are partly covered by assets held in two Contractual 
Trust Arrangements (CTA) administrated by ‘Helaba Pension Trust e.V.’ (Helaba). According to German law, TenneT remains 
ultimately liable for fulfilling these pension obligations.
Until December 31, 2017 the plan assets of the second CTA were part of a reinsurance contract with ‘Versorgungskasse 
Energie VVaG’ (VKE). Based on the partners’ decision to liquidate VKE these reinsurance contracts were terminated and the 
underlying funds transferred into the second CTA during 2018.
Pension scheme 2001
This scheme covers employees who started their employment with TenneT Germany on or before 31 December 2007 
(or later, if the individual employment contract was agreed on or before 1 April 2008). The scheme became effective on 
1 January 2001 and absorbed older plans. As part of the transition in 2001 to the new plan, employees were guaranteed 
a vested pension claim based on the old plan for their years of service prior to the transition. The plan offers benefits in 
the form of old-age, disability and surviving dependents’ pensions, and is composed of the employer-funded basic level 
based on the respective employee’s yearly pensionable income, the employer-funded top-up level based on the respective 
company’s performance, and the employee-funded supplementary level which allows employees to increase their pension 
entitlement through deferred compensation. Yearly fixed pension claims are calculated with a fixed internal interest rate that 
sum up to the total earned pension benefits of the respective employee.
Pension scheme 2008
This scheme covers employees who started their employment with TenneT Germany after 31 December 2007 (unless the 
individual employment contract was agreed before 1 April 2008, for which the pension scheme 2001 applies). This scheme 
offers benefits in the form of old-age, disability and surviving dependents’ pensions.
Pension cost is composed of the employer-funded basic level based on the respective employee’s yearly pensionable 
income, the employer funded top-up level based on the respective company’s performance and the employee-funded 
supplementary level which allows employees to increase their pension entitlement through deferred compensation. If the 
employee contribution to the supplementary level reaches a certain level, the company pays an additional contribution of 
one-third of the respective basic level contribution.
Annually, yearly fixed pension claims are calculated with an interest rate that is recalculated based on the weighted average 
current yield of German Federal Government Bonds (Bundesanleihen) with different maturities (10, 20 and 30 years) 
reflecting the average duration of the plan. The pension claims sum up to the total earned pension benefits of the respective 
employee.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
133
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 133:
Differences between the plans are limited and refer mainly to the way internal interest rates and the pensionable income are 
determined. Therefore disclosure in the notes below is not specified per plan. 
Components of the net benefit expense recognised in the statement of income are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Current service costs (note 3.2.2) 23 11
Net interest costs (note 3.3) 4 3
Net benefit expense 27 14
The funded status of the plans and the amounts recognised in the statement of financial position are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Defined benefit obligation 302 281
Fair value of plan assets -94 -95
Benefit liability 208 186
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation (‘DBO’) over the year are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Defined benefit obligation at 1 January 284 270
Current service costs 23 11
Interest costs 6 4
Contributions by plan participants 2 -
Benefits paid -3 -3
Re-measurements on obligation -10 2
Defined benefit obligation at 31 December 302 284
Changes in the fair value of plan assets of the year are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Fair value of plan assets at 1 January 95 88
Actual return on plan assets -2 5
Contributions by employer 3 2
Benefits paid -2 -
Fair value of plan assets at 31 December 94 95
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
134
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 134:
Major categories of plan assets as a percentage of the fair value of the total plan assets are as follows:
2018 2017
Quoted in active markets:
Equity instruments 33% 20%
Debt securities 48% 32%
Investment funds 0% 0%
Other 5% 3%
Unquoted investments:
Equities 0% 3%
Debt securities 5% 0%
Real estate 8% 0%
Cash 1% 42%
Re-measurements, including actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions, recognised in the statement of comprehensive income are as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Accumulated balance at 1 January 126 129
Re-measurements during the year -5 -3
Accumulated balance at 31 December 121 126
i Accounting policy
For defined benefit plans, pension costs are determined using the projected unit credit method. Re-measurements, 
comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding net interest) and the return on plan assets 
(excluding net interest), are recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Re-measurements 
are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
Service costs comprising current service costs and, if applicable, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments 
and non-routine settlements are recognised as personnel expenses in the consolidated statement of income. Interest is 
calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset and is recognised as part of the finance 
result in the statement of income.
Prepaid pension costs relating to defined benefit plans are capitalised only if they lead to refunds to the employer or to 
reductions in future contributions to the plan by the employer.
+ Key estimates and assumptions
Pension obligations and pension entitlements that are known on the reporting date are valued using economic trend 
assumptions including, among others, salary growth rates and pension increase rates, that are intended to reflect realistic 
expectations, as well as variables specific to reporting dates such as discount rates. The principal assumptions used in 
determining the pension obligation were as follows:
2018 2017
Discount rate 2.00% 1.95%
Inflation rate 2.00% 2.00%
Future salary increases 2.50% 2.50%
Future pension increases 1.75% 1.75%
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
135
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 135:
Assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics 
and actuarial experience. An increase in each of the main assumptions would have had the followings effects:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
0.25% change of discount rate -16 -15
0.5% change of salary increase rate - 2
0.5% change of pension increase rate 1 4
Change of 1 year in life expectancy 10 9
The sensitivities indicated are computed based on the same methods and assumptions used to determine the present value 
of the defined benefit obligations and are based on variations in a single variable only. Note that the sensitivity analyses may 
not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligation, as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions 
would occur in isolation.
We expect to contribute EUR 0.8 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2019 and expect the following, 
undiscounted, benefit payments from the plan:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Within the next 12 months 5 3
Within 2-5 years 22 20
Within 5-10 years 38 34
More than 10 years 392 386
Total 457 443
7.1.2 Pension plan the Netherlands
For the majority of our Dutch personnel we have a multi-employer scheme at ABP Pension Fund (ABP) in the 
Netherlands. The pension contribution rate for 2018 was 22.9% of the pensionable salary. In 2019 we expect to contribute 
EUR 17 million to the multi-employer scheme administered. Compared to the total participants in the ABP pension fund, 
our share in ABP is very limited. We are not liable for deficits in the multi-employer plan, but may be required to pay higher 
contributions (i.e. surcharge to the contribution rate) to the scheme like other participants.
ABP has indicated that it is unable to provide the kind of company-specific information required by IFRS for defined-benefit 
pension schemes. As such, this scheme is treated as if it were a defined contribution scheme.
Since the financial situation of the ABP pension plan at 31 December 2015 was inadequate from a regulatory perspective, 
ABP filed a recovery plan, which was approved by De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB) during the course of 2016. In accordance 
with this recovery plan, ABP evaluates how recovery is progressing at the start of each year. Progress is measured by means 
of the policy funding ratio at the end of the preceding year. The policy funding ratio is the 12-month moving average of the 
nominal funding ratio. ABP’s policy funding ratio as at 31 December 2018 was 103.8% (2017: 101.5%) and that is above the 
critical coverage rate level under which pensions would have to be reduced.
i Accounting policy
Payments to defined contribution plans are charged as an expense in the period to which they relate.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
136
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 136:
7.2 Other commitments and contingencies
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Grid-related commitments 1,241 1,382
Other off-balance sheet commitments 451 628
Total off-balance sheet obligations 1,692 2,010
Off-balance sheet rights
Government guarantees received 300 300
Other off-balance sheet rights 65 124
Total off-balance sheet rights 365 424
The expected cash flows for grid-related commitments and other off-balance sheet commitments are equal to the amounts 
in the above table. For guarantees issued no cash flows are expected. 
7.2.1 Grid related commitments
Grid-related commitments include received but unused auction receipts in the Netherlands amounting to EUR 555 million 
(2017: EUR 646 million). 
7.2.2 Government guarantees received
TenneT benefits from a guarantee issued by the Dutch State for an amount of EUR 300 million expiring in 2020, relating to its 
(indirect) investment in TenneT TSO GmbH.
7.2.3 Other
Other off-balance sheet commitments mainly comprise of TenneT’s commitment to provide the NOKA joint venture with 
sufficient funds for the construction of the Southern Part of the NordLink cable. Various other off-balance sheet commitments 
and contingencies as well as other off-balance sheet rights exist which are immaterial from a disclosure perspective. 
Due to the nature of our business we received certain legal claims from third parties, which we believe are unlikely to prevail 
in court, although inherent uncertainty exists about the outcomes. Therefore no provision has been accounted for. The 
majority of these claims relate to (i) construction contracts where additional payments would be capitalised, or (ii) claims 
relating to compensation for delays and interruptions where any compensation would be pass-through for TenneT or (iii) 
claims relating to refunds of transmission services, which would be compensated in future tariffs. In the unlikely event that 
these claims would prevail in court, this could have a material impact on the company’s financials.
7.3 Related parties
Note 7.4 provides an overview of legal entities included in the consolidated financial statements. 
TenneT has entered into transactions with the following related parties:
• State of the Netherlands: TenneT Holding B.V. is controlled by the Dutch State, which owns 100% of the Company’s 
ordinary shares (refer to note 5.4 and 5.5);
• Joint ventures NOKA and BritNed (refer to note 5.3.1);
• Associates HGRT and OTC (refer to note 5.3.2);
• The former CEO, Mel Kroon, bought the company car that was made available to him during his tenure at arms lengths 
for an amount of EUR 75 thousand;
• Members of the Executive and Supervisory Board of TenneT Holding B.V. (refer to note 3.2.2);
• Mobile Radio Networks Vehicle B.V. (refer to note 5.4). 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
137
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 137:
Legal entities that share key management personnel
Ms Hottenhuis was a member of the Executive Board of ARCADIS N.V. until 31 July 2018. ARCADIS is one of our suppliers. 
Ms Hottenhuis has not been involved in any commercial dealings between ARCADIS and TenneT. Contract reviews, 
negotiations or awards between the two companies were conducted at the appropriate business levels and in the ordinary 
course of business. In the course of 2018 Ms Hottenhuis’ membership of the Supervisory Board ended. Further reference is 
made to the Supervisory Board report. 
Ms van Beek was Country Managing Director of Accenture Netherlands until 31 August 2018. Accenture Netherlands is one 
of our suppliers. Ms Hottenhuis has and will not be involved in any commercial dealings between Accenture Netherlands and 
TenneT. Contract reviews, negotiations or awards between the two companies were conducted at the appropriate business 
levels and in the ordinary course of business.
ARCADIS and Accenture Netherlands are not considered related parties.
7.4 Consolidated subsidiaries
The following legal entities are included in the consolidation of TenneT Holding B.V:
Voting interest Economic interest
Subsidiary Legal seat Country 2018 2017 2018 2017
B.V. Transportnet Zuid-Holland Voorburg Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
CertiQ B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
Duvekot Rentmeesters B.V. Bathmen Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
ETPA Holding B.V. Amsterdam Netherlands 50% 40% 50% 40%
ETPA B.V. Amsterdam Netherlands 50% 40% 50% 40%
Nadine Netwerk B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
NLink International B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
NOVEC B.V. The Hague Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
Omroepmasten B.V. Vianen Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
Saranne B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
Stichting Beheer Doelgelden Landelijk Hoogspanning-
snet Arnhem Netherlands N/A N/A N/A N/A
TenneT Duitsland Coöperatief U.A. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
TenneT Green B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
TenneT Orange B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT TSO B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT TSO Duitsland B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
TransTenneT B.V. Arnhem Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100% *
WL Winet B.V. Maasdijk Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
Relined B.V. Utrecht Netherlands 100% 100% 100% 100%
Relined GmbH Emsbüren Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
DC Netz BorWin3 GmbH Bayreuth Germany 0% 100% 0% 100% ***
DC Netz DolWin4 GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
DC Netz GmbH Bayreuth Germany 0% 100% 0% 100% ***
DC Netz HelWin1 GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
DC Netz SylWin2 GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
NOVEC GmbH Emsbüren Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT GmbH & Co. KG Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100% **
TenneT Offshore 1. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 31% 31%
TenneT Offshore 2. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 31% 31%
TenneT Offshore 4. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT Offshore 7. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT Offshore 8. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 37% 37%
Continuation >
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
138
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 138:
Voting interest Economic interest
Subsidiary Legal seat Country 2018 2017 2018 2017
TenneT Offshore 9. Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 37% 37%
TenneT Offshore Dolwin3 Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 41% 39% **
TenneT Offshore Dolwin3 GmbH & Co. KG Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 39% 39% **
TenneT Offshore Dolwin3 Verwaltungs GmbH Bayreuth Germany 51% 51% 33% 33%
TenneT Offshore GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT TSO GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
TenneT Verwaltungs GmbH Bayreuth Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
WL Winet GmbH Emsbüren Germany 100% 100% 100% 100%
*  For these companies TenneT has issued a declaration of liability as referred to in Book 2, Part 9, Section 403 of the Netherlands Civil Code.
**  This company, which has been consolidated in these financial statements, has opted for the exemption of Section 264b of the  
German Commercial Code.
*** These entities where merged in 2018 with TenneT Offshore GmbH.
As we can exercise direct control over its management and financial and operational policies, the consolidation includes 
Stichting Beheer Doelgelden Landelijk Hoogspanningsnet, a foundation which temporarily manages funds arising from the 
maintenance of the energy balance and auctioning of cross-border capacity by TenneT TSO B.V. 
7.5 Events after the reporting period
No significant events occurred after the reporting period.
< Continued
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
139
Financial Statements | Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 139:
Company financial statements
Company statement of income
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
(EUR million) Notes 2018 2017
Revenue 1 -
Other operating expenses -3 -4
Other gains/(losses) - 3
Total operating expenses -3 -1
Share in profit of joint ventures and associates 4 3
Operating profit 2 2
Finance income 8.2 165 171
Finance expenses 8.3 -170 -171
Finance result -5 -
Profit before income tax -3 2
Income tax expense -13 -22
Profit from subsidiaries 8.4 436 497
Profit for the year 420 477
Company financial statements
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
140
Financial Statements | Company financial statements

Page 140:
Company statement of financial position
For the year ended 31 December (EUR million)
Assets Notes 2018 2017
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries 8.4 6,690 6,296
Investments in joint ventures and associates 8.5 35 35
Other financial assets 8.6 6,232 6,050
Total non-current assets 12,957 12,381
Current assets
Other financial assets 8.6 1,393 1,342
Account- and other receivables 8.7 309 350
Cash and cash equivalents 3 51
Total current assets 1,705 1,743
Total assets 14,662 14,124
Equity and liabilities Notes 2018 2017
Equity 8.8
Paid up and called-up capital 100 100
Share premium 1,380 1,380
Revaluation reserve 43 54
Reserve for participating interests 61 8
Reserve for internally generated assets 22 9
Hedging reserve 3 4
Retained earnings 1,966 1,716
Unappropriated result 389 442
Equity attributable to ordinary shares 3,964 3,713
Hybrid securities 1,120 1,018
Equity attributable to owners of the company 5,084 4,731
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 8.9 7,964 6,786
Payables to group companies - 280
Deferred tax liability 5 4
Total non-current liabilities 7,969 7,070
Current liabilities
Borrowings 8.9 756 917
Account- and other payables 8.10 853 1,367
Bank overdrafts - 39
Total current liabilities 1,609 2,323
Total equity and liabilities 14,662 14,124
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
141
Financial Statements | Company financial statements

Page 141:
Notes to the company financial statements
These notes contain information about the company financial statements of TenneT 
Holding B.V. Underlying details related to TenneT Holdings B.V.’s financial results and 
position are provided, as well as a description of the specific accounting policies 
applied when compiling these company financial statements.
8.1 Company accounting policies
The company financial statements for TenneT Holding B.V. have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of Part 9, 
Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code. The same principles governing valuation and the determination of results (including 
the principles governing the classification of financial instruments as equity or liability) have been applied when compiling 
the company financial statements and the consolidated financial statements, as permitted by Article 2:362, clause 8 of the 
Netherlands Civil Code.
ECL provisions for receivables from subsidiaries will be eliminated as intercompany positions. As a result changes in these 
ECL provisions will not impact the carrying amounts of the financial assets in the company statement of the financial position. 
8.2 Finance income
Result on finance income is mainly related to the interest received on intercompany loans and other in- house financing 
activities (see note 8.6). The intercompany agreements have terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length 
transactions.
8.3 Finance expenses
Finance expenses mainly relate to interest on borrowings and credit facilities (2018: EUR 152 million; 2017: EUR 154 million). 
8.4 Investments in subsidiaries
Changes in investments in subsidiaries can be broken down as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
At 1 January 6,296 5,841
Share in result 436 497
Capital contribution 1 -
Dividends received -46 -54
Re-measurement of defined benefit pension 3 2
Net effect on (partial) sale/acquisition of subsidiaries - 10
At 31 December 6,690 6,296
In 2018 we increased our share in ETPA Holding B.V. from 40% to 50.002% and therefore it has become a subsidiary. 
Investments in subsidiaries relate to the legal entities included in the consolidation as disclosed in note 7.4 of the 
consolidated financial statements.
i Accounting policies
The investments in subsidiaries are measured at net asset value. The net asset value of a participating interest is determined 
by valuing the assets, provisions and liabilities and calculating the result using the accounting principles applied to the 
consolidated financial statements.
Notes to the company financial statements
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
142
Financial Statements | Notes to the company financial statements

Page 142:
When our share of losses in an investment equals or exceeds our interest in this investment, (including separately presented 
goodwill or any other unsecured non-current receivables, as part of the net investment), we do not recognise any further 
losses, unless we have incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of this investment. In such 
case, we will recognise a provision.
8.5 Investments in joint ventures and associates
Investments in joint ventures and associates are mainly related to HGRT. 
In 2018, TenneT’s share in HGRT’s result amounted to EUR 3 million (2017: EUR 3 million) and EUR 4 million 
(2017: EUR 2 million) dividends were received. Further reference is made to note 5.3.2 of the consolidated financial 
statements. 
8.6 Other financial assets
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Receivables from shareholder - 280
Receivables from subsidiaries 6,226 5,767
Other financial assets 6 3
Total 6,232 6,050
Receivables from subsidiaries are mainly related to intercompany loans and the in house bank activities of TenneT Holding B.V. 
The agreed interest rate for the intercompany loans is our cost of fund rating +0.125%. These receivables are unsecured. 
The movement schedule is as follows:
(EUR million) 2018 2017
At 1 January 6,050 6,200
Additions 611 657
Repayments -33 -391
Transfer to current -394 -419
Other movements -2 3
At 31 December 6,232 6,050
Besides non-current other financial assets, the company has EUR 1.4 billion (2017: EUR 1.3 billion) of current other financial 
assets which is related to receivables from subsidiaries. Certain subsidiaries have guaranteed the payment to creditors of 
TenneT Holding up to an amount of EUR 2,642 million. 
8.7 Account- and other receivables
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Receivable from shareholder 280 350
Current income tax receivable 29 -
Total 309 350
Compared to previous year the account- and other receivables are presented in line with the consolidated financial 
statements as a seperate account. The comparative figures are also reclassified from the other financial assets to 
account- and other receivables.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
143
Financial Statements | Notes to the company financial statements

Page 143:
8.8 Equity
(EUR million)
Reserve 
Participating 
interests
Reserve for 
internally 
generated 
assets
Hedging 
reserve
Revaluation 
reserve
Total legal 
reserve
At 1 January 2018 8 9 4 54 75
Result NOKA and HGRT 29 - - - 29
Result NOKA prior years 28 - - - 28
Dividend NOKA and HGRT -4 - - - -4
Internally generated intangible assets - 13 - - 13
Depreciation revaluation tangible fixed assets - - - -11 -11
Amortisation of hedges - - -1 - -1
At 31 December 2018 61 22 3 43 129
The statement of changes in equity and disclosure to that statement are included in the consolidated financial statements. 
For details on the hybrid securities see note 6.2.1 of the consolidated financial statements.
The revaluation reserve covers the IFRS 1 revaluation of tangible fixed assets in 2004. The legal reserve for joint venture 
NOKA which amounts EUR 28 million at the end of 2017 was reclassified from the retained earnings to reserve for 
participating interests in 2018. The reserve for participating interests relates to HGRT and NOKA, from which we cannot 
enforce payment of dividends. In the consolidated financial statements, the revaluation reserve, the reserve for internally 
generated assets, and the reserve for participating interests are included in retained earnings.
The legal reserves are not freely distributable.
The appropriation of the 2018 profit is at the free disposal of the General Meeting of Shareholders and has not been 
recorded in the financial statements.
8.9 Borrowings
Details on borrowings are included in the consolidated financial statements, see note 6.3. 
8.10 Account- and other payables
(EUR million) 2018 2017
Payables to subsidiaries 757 1,260
Interest payable 92 97
Current income tax payable - 5
Other payables 4 5
Total 853 1,367
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
144
Financial Statements | Notes to the company financial statements

Page 144:
8.11 Events after reporting period
See note 7.5 of the consolidated financial statements.
Arnhem, 18 February 2019
Executive Board TenneT Holding B.V. 
M.J.J. van Beek* 
B.G.M. Voorhorst* 
O. Jager* 
W. Breuer
Supervisory Board TenneT Holding B.V. 
A.F. van der Touw 
P .M. Verboom 
R.G.M. Zwitserloot 
L.J. Griffith
* Statutory Director
TenneT Holding B.V. 
Utrechtseweg 310 
6812 AR Arnhem 
The Netherlands 
Chamber of Commerce register 09083317
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
145
Financial Statements | Notes to the company financial statements

Page 145:
Other information
Profit appropriation
The appropriation of profits is governed by Section 38.3 of the Articles of Association, which states the following “To the 
extent that the profit is not used to make up prior losses in accordance with the provision of paragraph 2, it shall be at the 
free disposal of the general meeting. In the calculation of the profit amount to be distributed on every share, only the amount 
of the compulsory payments on the nominal amount of the shares shall be taken into consideration. In the event of a tied 
vote on a proposal to distribute or reserve profits, the profits to which the proposal relates shall be reserved”.
Other information
Profit appropriation
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
146
Other information |  Profit appropriation

Page 146:
Independent auditor’s report
Independent auditor’s report
To: the Shareholder and Supervisory Board of TenneT Holding B.V.
Report on the audit of the financial statements 2018 included in the integrated annual report
Our opinion
We have audited the financial statements 2018 of TenneT Holding B.V., based in Arnhem. The financial statements include 
the consolidated financial statements and the company financial statements.
In our opinion:
• The accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of TenneT Holding 
B.V. as at 31 December 2018, and of its result and its cash flows for 2018 in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
• The accompanying company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of TenneT Holding B.V. 
as at 31 December 2018, and of its result for 2018 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
The consolidated financial statements comprise:
• The consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018
• The following statements for 2018: the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows
• The notes comprising a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information
The company financial statements comprise:
• The company statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018
• The company statement of income for 2018
• The notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Basis for our opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements” section of our report.
We are independent of TenneT Holding B.V. in accordance with the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding 
statutory audit of public-interest entities, the “Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties” (Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the 
“Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten” (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. 
Furthermore, we have complied with the “Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants” (VGBA, Dutch Code of 
Ethics).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Materiality
Materiality EUR 82.9 million (2017: EUR 78.0 million)
Benchmark applied 1.4% of total equity (2017: 1.4% of total equity)
Explanation
We have determined total equity to be the most relevant measure for TenneT Holding’s primary stakeholders, being the 
Dutch State (as the sole Shareholder) and external investors in both equity and liability instruments of the group. A 
sufficient equity balance and solvency ratio is in our view the most relevant measure for the capital providers to make their 
investment decisions, also considering the long-term nature of TenneT Holding’s core business.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
147
Other information | Independent auditor’s report

Page 147:
We have also taken misstatements into account and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users 
of the financial statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements in excess of EUR 4.1 million (being 5% of the materiality), which 
are identified during the audit, would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be 
reported on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
TenneT Holding B.V. is at the head of a group of entities. The financial information of this group is included in the 
consolidated financial statements of TenneT Holding B.V.
Our group audit mainly focused on the regulated significant group entities TSO Netherlands, TSO Germany and the  
non-regulated entity BritNed. In establishing the overall approach to the group audit, we determined the type of work that 
needed to be performed at the reporting units within these business segments, either by us, as the group engagement 
team, or component auditors within EY Netherlands and EY Germany operating under our instruction. Where the work 
was performed by component auditors, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work at 
those reporting units to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis 
for our opinion on the group financial statements as a whole. Accordingly, we identified that the consolidated group entities 
TSO Netherlands and TSO Germany, which both consist of multiple entities, required an audit of their complete financial 
information due to their size.
Specific audit procedures on certain balances and transactions were performed at BritNed. These specific audit procedures 
were performed by a non-EY auditor.
The procedures described above provide coverage of 98% of the total assets and 99% of EBIT (operating profit) and of 
the Group.
By performing the procedures mentioned above at group entities, together with additional procedures at group level, we 
have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the group’s financial information to provide an 
opinion about the consolidated financial statements.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements. We have communicated the key audit matters to the Supervisory Board. The key audit matters are not a 
comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
The key audit matters are in line with prior year.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
148
Other information | Independent auditor’s report

Page 148:
TenneT’s Underlying financial performance reflected in Segment Reporting (IFRS 8), as disclosed in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements
Risk Underlying financial information is based on the principle of recognising regulatory assets and liabilities, which (based on 
the current regulatory framework) need to be collected from or are to be returned to customers through future grid tariffs. 
Under IFRS, reimbursements or settlements through future grid tariffs may not be taken into account. As a result, 
regulatory assets or liabilities cannot be recognised under IFRS. The Underlying financial information is reconciled for 
revenue, EBIT, assets and liabilities to the consolidated financial statements in note 2.3. The Executive Board manages 
and monitors TenneT’s business based upon Underlying financial information, as explained in note 2 Segment Information, 
as the Executive Board is of the opinion that the presentation of underlying financial information leads to a better financial 
insight into past and future business performance. The Underlying financial information is also included in the ‘Financial’ 
section of the ‘Our Performance in 2018’ chapter as included in the director’s report. Given the relevance of the topic for 
the financial statements we conclude that the reconciliation of the Underlying financial information to the consolidated IFRS 
financial statements is a key audit matter.
Our audit approach We have obtained an understanding of the regulatory frameworks in the Netherlands and Germany, and of relevant 
regulatory developments. We have assessed whether the Underlying financial information reflects how TenneT’s Executive 
Board assesses performance and manages the business. We have obtained an understanding of the process including 
the relevant internal controls and performed a walkthrough to confirm our understanding of the process. We obtained the 
internal quarterly reporting of Q4-2018 based on Underlying financial performance and reconciled that information to the 
segments identified in the segment reporting as included in the financial statements note 2. We audited the reconciliation 
of Underlying financial information to the consolidated IFRS financial statements as disclosed in note 2.3.
Key observations We determined that the Underlying financial information and identified segments are consistently applied compared to 
previous year. Furthermore, we consider that the disclosure of the Underlying financial information (including the reconcilia-
tion between the Underlying financial information to the consolidated IFRS financial statements) as disclosed in note 2 
Segment Reporting of the financial statements is appropriate.
Growth in renewable energy sources and the implications for grid expenses, as disclosed in notes 3.2.1 and 5.6.3 of the consolidated financial statements
Risk The increase in intermittent renewable energy generation, such as onshore and offshore wind and onshore photovoltaic 
capacity impacts the German onshore grid significantly. TenneT needs to ensure a stable grid operation and to achieve 
this, balancing measures are needed. The number of measures has grown compared to prior years, and, consequently, 
the related expenses increased. The grid expenses payable is based on actual volumes (if available) or forecast volumes 
derived from models. Several assumptions regarding such matters as weather conditions, requested volumes and 
capacity per plant are made in these models. Prices are based on the underlying contracts and/or historical data. The 
complexity of the electricity market and uncertainties in assessing, variable renewable energy production makes estimating 
the grid expenses payable a complex task. Given the relevance of the topic for the financial statements we conclude that 
this risk is a key audit matter.
Our audit approach We have obtained an understanding of TenneT’s estimation process in relation to the accrual for balancing measures and 
other grid related expenses including the relevant internal controls and performed a walkthrough to confirm our under-
standing of the process. We obtained and inspected evidence to support management’s estimates and key assumptions 
used in establishing the related accruals. We also tested the integrity of the measurement model applied by TenneT in 
calculating the estimate, including the formulas applied in the model. We further assessed the adequacy of TenneT’s 
disclosures as included in notes 3.2.1 and 5.6.3 of the consolidated financial statements.
Key observations
We consider management’s estimates and key assumptions used to be within the acceptable range and we assessed the 
disclosures as being appropriate.
Offshore liability related provisions as part of the other provisions, as disclosed in note 5.7.3 and 5.7.5 of the consolidated financial statements
Risk Offshore grid connections and related undersea cabling and landside stations, which are required to be built by TenneT to 
connect offshore wind farms to the onshore high voltage grid, are in various stages of construction. The engineering, 
procurement and construction of these projects is complex, large in size and executed in parallel for a number of projects. 
The estimated amount of the risks associated with delays and interruptions concerning the offshore activities in Germany 
is based on the number of offshore grid connections, and the compensation paid to the offshore grid connections. Given 
the relevance of the topic for the financial statements we conclude that this risk is a key audit matter.
Our audit approach We have obtained an understanding of TenneT’s process in relation to the offshore liability provision including the relevant 
internal controls and performed a walkthrough to confirm our understanding of the process. We obtained evidence 
through inquiries, performed tests of details and executed sensitivity analysis to support the Executive Board’s estimates 
and key assumptions used in establishing the other provisions, in particular probability of the assumptions. We also tested 
the integrity of the measurement model, including the formulas applied therein. We evaluated the reasonableness of 
management’s judgements and assumptions applied in measuring the provisions recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements, note 5.7.3 and 5.7.5. We also assessed the adequacy of TenneT’s disclosures as included in note 5.7.3 and 
5.7.5 of the consolidated financial statements.
Key observations We consider management’s estimates and key assumptions used, to be within acceptable ranges and we assessed the 
disclosures as being appropriate.
Third-party claims, as disclosed in note 5.6.4 and 7.2.3 of the consolidated financial statements
Risk Due to the nature of the business, TenneT receives certain legal claims from third parties. The claims are a key element of 
our audit as they could be material and the Executive Board makes assumptions about the legal position, the likelihood 
and the impact of the expected future cash outflow related to these claims. For this, the Executive Board relies on internal 
and external advisors. Given the relevance of the topic for the financial statements we conclude that this risk is a key audit 
matter.
Our audit approach We obtained and inspected internal legal and regulatory letters, legal letters from external attorneys and minutes of 
meetings of the Executive Board, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the Supervisory Board. We also inquired 
employees from TenneT’s legal department as well as management. We assessed TenneT’s assumptions underlying the 
recognition and valuation of these claims, as well as management’s position with respect to claims that are not provided 
for at year-end. We also assessed the adequacy of TenneT’s disclosures as included in note 7.2.3 of the consolidated 
financial statements.
Key observations We consider management’s assessment and position of third-party claims as being appropriate. We assessed the 
disclosures as being appropriate.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
149
Other information  | Independent auditor’s report

Page 149:
Report on other information included in the integrated annual report
In addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, the integrated annual report 
contains other information that consists of:
• 2018 at a glance
• Letter from the CEO
• Director’s report, consisting of
• About TenneT 
• Our Performance in 2018 
• Governance and risk management
• Supervisory Board report
• Other information required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information:
• Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements
• Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial 
statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material misstatements. By performing 
these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard on 
Auditing 720. The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of 
the financial statements.
The Executive Board is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the director’s report in accordance 
with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Engagement
We were engaged by the Supervisory Board as auditor of TenneT Holding B.V. on 14 March 2013, as of the audit for the year 
2013 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since that date.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific 
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.
Other non-prohibited services provided
In addition to the statutory audit of the financial statements we provided the following services:
• Regulatory reportings (Ernst & Young Accountants LLP and EY Network firms outside theNetherlands)
• Bond issue procedures (Ernst & Young Accountants LLP)
• Translation services (EY Network firms outside the Netherlands)
Description of responsibilities for the financial statements
Responsibilities of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board for the financial statements
The Executive Board is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with 
EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the Executive Board is responsible for such internal 
control as the Executive Board determines it is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the Executive Board is responsible for assessing the company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting frameworks mentioned, the Executive Board should prepare 
the financial statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Executive Board either intends to liquidate 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
150
Other information | Independent auditor’s report

Page 150:
the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The Executive Board should disclose events 
and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern in the financial 
statements.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not have detected all 
material errors and fraud.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified 
misstatements on our opinion.
We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional scepticism throughout the audit, in accordance 
with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. Our audit included among others:
• Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design auditprocedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing anopinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal 
control
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Executive Board
• Concluding on the appropriateness of the Executive Board’s use of the going concern basis ofaccounting, and based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty existsrelated to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the company’s ability tocontinue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue as a going 
concern
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, includingthe disclosures
• Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and eventsin a manner that achieves fair 
presentation
Because we are ultimately responsible for the opinion, we are also responsible for directing, supervising and performing the 
group audit. In this respect we have determined the nature and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for group 
entities. Decisive were the size and/or the risk profile of the group entities or operations. On this basis, we selected group 
entities for which an audit or review had to be carried out on the complete set of financial information or specific items.
We communicate with the Supervisory Board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we identify during our audit. In this 
respect we also submit an additional report to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee in accordance with Article 11 of 
the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. The information included in 
this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
151
Other information | Independent auditor’s report

Page 151:
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on 
our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Supervisory Board, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating the 
matter is in the public interest.
The Hague, 18 February 2019
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Signed by J.F.M. Kamphuis
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
152
Other information  | Independent auditor’s report

Page 152:
Assurance report of the independent auditor
To: the Shareholder and the Supervisory Board of TenneT Holding B.V.
Our conclusion
We have reviewed the sustainability information in the Integrated Annual Report for the year 2018 of TenneT Holding B.V. 
at Arnhem (hereinafter: TenneT). A review is aimed at obtaining a limited level of assurance.
Based on our procedures performed nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the sustainability 
information does not present, in all material respects, a reliable and adequate view of:
• The policy and business operations with regard to corporate social responsibility
• The thereto related events and achievements for the year 2018
in accordance with the reporting criteria as included in the section Reporting criteria below.
The sustainability information consists of the chapters ‘2018 at a glance’, ‘Letter from the CEO’, ‘About TenneT’, 
‘Our Performance in 2018’ (excluding the sections ‘Financial’ and ‘Statements of the Executive Board’) and the section 
‘About this report’ of the Integrated Annual Report.
Basis for our conclusion
We have performed our review of the sustainability information in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 
3810N, “Assurance-opdrachten inzake maatschappelijke verslagen” (Assurance engagements relating to sustainability 
reports), which is a specific Dutch Standard that is based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 
3000, “Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”. Our responsibilities 
under this standard are further described in the section Our responsibilities for the review of the sustainability information 
of our report.
We are independent of TenneT in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij 
assurance-opdrachten” (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) 
and other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. This includes that we do not perform any activities that 
could result in a conflict of interest with our independent assurance engagement. Furthermore, we have complied with the 
“Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants” (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.
Reporting criteria
The sustainability information needs to be read and understood together with the reporting criteria. TenneT is solely 
responsible for selecting and applying these reporting criteria, taking into account applicable law and regulations related to 
reporting.
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the sustainability information are the Sustainability Reporting Standards of 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the applied supplemental reporting criteria as disclosed in section ‘About this report’ 
of the Integrated Annual Report.
Limitations to the scope of our review engagement
The sustainability information includes prospective information such as ambitions, strategy, plans, expectations and 
estimates. Inherent to prospective information, the actual future results are uncertain. We do not provide any assurance on 
the assumptions and achievability of prospective information in the sustainability information.
The references to external sources or websites in the sustainability information are not part of the sustainability information as 
reviewed by us. We therefore do not provide assurance on this information.
Assurance report of the independent auditor
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
153
Other information | Assurance report of the independent auditor

Page 153:
Responsibilities of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board for the sustainability information
The Executive Board is responsible for the preparation of the sustainability information in accordance with the reporting 
criteria as included in the section Reporting criteria, including the identification of stakeholders and the definition of material 
matters. The choices made by the Executive Board regarding the scope of the sustainability information and the reporting 
policy are summarised in the section ‘About this report’ of the Integrated Annual Report.
The Executive Board is also responsible for such internal control as the Executive Board determines is necessary to enable 
the preparation of the sustainability information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or errors.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the reporting process of TenneT.
Our responsibilities for the review of the sustainability information
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the review in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate assurance 
evidence for our conclusion.
Procedures performed to obtain a limited level of assurance are aimed to determine the plausibility of information and vary in 
nature and timing from, and are less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance engagement. The level of assurance obtained 
in a review is therefore substantially less than the assurance obtained in an audit.
We apply the ‘“Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitssystemen” (NVKS, Regulations for Quality management systems) and 
accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding 
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional skepticism throughout the review performed 
by a multi-disciplinary team, in accordance with the Dutch assurance standards, ethical requirements and independence 
requirements.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
154
Other information | Assurance report of the independent auditor

Page 154:
Our review included amongst others:
• Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant social themes and issues, 
and the characteristics of the company
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used, their consistent application and related disclosures in the 
sustainability information. This includes the evaluation of the results of the stakeholders’ dialogue and the reasonableness 
of estimates made by the Executive Board.
• Obtaining an understanding of the reporting processes for the sustainability information, including obtaining a general 
understanding of internal control relevant to our review.
• Identifying areas of the sustainability information with a higher risk of misleading or unbalanced information or material 
misstatements, whether due to fraud or errors. Designing and performing further assurance procedures aimed at 
determining the plausibility of the sustainability information responsive to this risk analysis. These further review 
procedures consisted amongst others of: 
• Interviewing management and relevant staff at corporate and business level responsible for the sustainability strategy, 
policy and results
• Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information for, carrying out internal control procedures on, and 
consolidating the data in the sustainability information
• Visits to TenneT Netherlands & Germany (Bayreuth) aimed at, on a local level, validating source data and evaluating the 
design and implementation of internal controls and validation procedures
• Obtaining assurance information that the sustainability information reconciles with underlying records of the company
• Reviewing, on a limited test basis, relevant internal and external documentation
• Performing an analytical review of the data and trends submitted for consolidation at corporate level
• Reconciling the relevant financial information with the financial statements
• Evaluating the consistency of the sustainability information with the information in the Integrated Annual Report which is 
not included in the scope of our review
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the sustainability information
• Considering whether the sustainability information as a whole, including the disclosures, reflects the purpose of the 
reporting criteria used
We communicate with the Supervisory Board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the review 
and significant findings that we identify during our review.
Amsterdam, 18 February 2019
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Signed by R.T.H. Wortelboer
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
155
Other information  | Assurance report of the independent auditor

Page 155:
About this report
Scope of this report
The scope of this report is TenneT B.V. and the subsidiaries in which it has a controlling interest (generally speaking a voting 
interest of over 50%). For example, our 50% stake in BritNed and BritNed’s activities are not included in our results. This 
integrated report covers the full year 2018, i.e. 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018. TenneT’s Integrated Annual Report 
2018 was published on 21 February 2019 and is available online.
The 2017 Annual Report was published on 23 February 2018.
In 2018, there were no significant acquisitions or divestments impacting our non-financial reporting. A complete overview 
of all the entities consolidated in this Integrated Annual Report can be found in note 7.4 of the consolidated financial 
statements. Our reporting policy in the event of acquisitions or divestments can be found in Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, 5. Other invested capital including working capital and provisions for our financial performance. For 
non-financial performance we report acquisitions and divestments from the day of purchase or when an entity is sold 
respectively. We recognise that in the event of acquisitions, reporting improvements may be required which may result in 
data being estimated.
Reporting principles
Our non-financial qualitative and quantitative information is prepared according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards, following the in-accordance option: ‘Core’. We also adhere to the sector guidelines for our industry (G4 sector 
disclosures - electric utilities). For more information, refer to the reporting guidance document on our corporate website. 
The GRI context index, as included on our corporate website, shows which GRI aspects are material to TenneT and refers to 
those sections in the report describing this aspect. In addition, and in accordance with the policy on state-owned companies 
(Nota Deelnemingenbeleid Rijksoverheid 2013), TenneT complies with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, as laid down 
in the Corporate Governance section of this report. 
We have used the Integrated Reporting (IR) framework, as defined by the International Integrating Reporting Council (IIRC) 
as a basis for this integrated report. This allows us to be transparent about our impact as an organisation. The financial 
information in this report was prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted by the EU, and complies with Section 9 of 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Furthermore, our Integrated Annual Report complies with the EU directive on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity 
information, which was translated to Dutch legislation and is mandatory for annual reports from 2017 onwards. 
This report is also a Communication on Progress, i.e. an update on how we implement the 10 principles of the United 
Nations Global Compact (UNGC). We have endorsed these principles since 2015, not just to underline our own 
commitment, but also to drive CSR performance in the value chain. The UNGC principles are the basis of our TenneT 
supplier code of conduct and mandatory for all suppliers. New suppliers who do not meet our standards during factory 
audits, are disqualified from our tender procedures. Our Communication on Progress document can also be found on our 
website.
In 2015, the UN launched new Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). These goals are accepted worldwide as driving 
sustainability. The section in our annual report on strategy performance describes our impact and the contribution we make 
to the SDGs that are most relevant to our business. 
About this report
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
156
Other information | About this report

Page 156:
Stakeholders and materiality
In accordance with the applied reporting principles, this integrated report covers topics considered material to our 
organisation. TenneT uses the materiality principle to determine which subjects to include in the report and which activities 
and supply chain to take into account. Our corporate website (www.tennet.eu) includes additional information which was not 
considered material for integrated-reporting purposes. How we defined the material topics and the results of this assessment 
can be found in the materiality section. The fact that we report on selected topics does not mean we do not manage 
aspects that are not considered material to our business. Our activities and CSR policy are broader and are not limited to the 
outcome of the materiality analysis. For more detailed information, go to the CSR section of our website.
Scope and boundaries 
The table below provides a clear overview of the material topics, their impact, our contribution and the boundaries. A detailed 
disclosure of our management approach on each material topic can be found in the CSR section of our website. 
Reference
Why 
material?
What is the 
impact?
What is our 
role?
What are the 
bounderies?
Key Perfor-
mance 
Indicators 
(KPIs)
Targets/
ambitions
Unit(s) 
responsible 
within 
organisation
Material topic
Security of 
supply
Secure supply Our main task is 
to ensure secu-
rity of electricity 
supply to over 
41 million people 
across the 
 Netherlands and 
Germany.
Electricity is the 
backbone of the 
economy of the 
countries we 
 operate in.
We are 
 responsible for 
maintaining a 
balance 
between supply 
and demand; 
we operate and 
manage the 
high-voltage 
grid.
We are 
 responsible for 
transmission 
services. 
 Production is 
the responsibil-
ity of producers, 
distribution lies 
with DSOs.
Security of supply: 
uptime in % 
Amount of 
 interruptions (#) 
Energy not 
 transported (MWh)
100% grid 
 availability
Asset Owner
Sustainable 
Grid  
Infrastructure
Secure supply, 
Financial per-
formance
We need to 
invest in onshore 
and offshore grid 
infrastructure to 
realise the 
energy transition 
over the next ten 
years, which 
includes addi-
tional invest-
ments in 
underground DC 
cables in 
 Germany follow-
ing the German 
government’s 
decision hereon. 
Therefore it is 
important to 
carefully make 
the right invest-
ment decisions 
and to manage 
them properly to 
be sure we are 
doing the right 
things.
To finance our 
investments, we 
need to spend 
approximately 
EUR 35 billion in 
the coming ten 
years.
We are respon-
sible for realising 
the investment 
programme and 
living up to our 
stakeholders’ 
expectations.
We are 
 responsible for 
realising our 
investment 
portfolio.  
The investment 
programme is 
based on the 
task we are 
given by the 
Dutch and 
 German 
 governments.
Capital expendi-
tures (capex) on 
grid infrastructure / 
assets (in 
EUR  million) Return 
on Investment 
(ROI): Benefits - 
Costs / Costs
Invest  
approximately 
EUR 35 billion 
in the period 
2019-2028
Strategic 
 Investment 
Committee 
Supervisory 
Board
NWE Electricity 
Market
Lead NWE 
Integration
Electricity does 
not respect 
borders and a 
NWE market is 
necessary to 
ensure a reliable 
and sustainable 
grid.
An integrated 
market drives price 
convergence and 
security of supply.
TenneT is taking 
a lead role in 
integrating the 
electricity mar-
ket in NWE to 
encourage 
cross-border 
connections 
and closer col-
laboration for 
the benefit of 
society, both 
now and in the 
future.
Our responsibil-
ity is to our 
own grid and 
interconnections 
with neighbour-
ing grids. Other 
European TSOs 
are responsible 
for their grid.
Interconnection 
capacity (imported 
and exported vol-
umes + number of 
cross-border inter-
connections) Price 
convergence (num-
ber of price areas 
+ number of hours 
of price equality)
A seamless 
cross-border 
energy market 
Realizing the 
North Sea Wind 
Power Hub
Customer & 
Markets
Community 
engagement
Engage 
 stakeholders
It is crucial we 
connect with 
local communi-
ties, NGOs and 
politicians at the 
earliest stage of 
a project to 
address their 
concerns and 
gain their under-
standing and 
acceptance.
There is increasing 
public opposition 
to grid expansion, 
especially where 
new assets are 
concerned.
To be honest, 
open and fair to 
all stakeholders 
involved.
The decision to 
expand the grid 
is taken by the 
Dutch and 
 German 
 governments. 
Executing our 
work and 
explaining the 
necessity of it is 
our responsibil-
ity.
Number of stake-
holder meetings 
and public events 
(#) Customer satis-
faction score Cor-
porate reputation 
Stakeholder 
approach score
Live up to our 
values (i.e. being 
responsible, 
engaged and 
connected) 
when address-
ing our stake-
holders’ 
concerns
Corporate 
 Public Affairs 
(PAC) Corporate 
Communica-
tions (CMC)
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
157
Other information | About this report

Page 157:
For most of our figures, our reporting focus is on our own operations, although we do take some aspects of the value chain 
into account in our carbon footprint and LTIF. We recognise that reporting outside our gate (so-called ‘value chain reporting’) 
provides a better overview of our impact. We have therefore decided to include the impact of our offshore operations into our 
carbon footprint reporting. 
EU Directive on Non-Financial and Diversity Information
Our annual report complies with the EU directive on non-financial reporting. The table below provides a clear overview of 
where the different aspects of this directive are reported.
A description of 
the policies  
pursued, including  
due dilligence.
The outcome of 
those policies.
Principle risks in own 
operations and 
within value chain.
How risks are 
managed.
Non- financial key 
performance 
indicators.
Topic
Relevant social and 
 personnel maters (e.g. 
HR, safety etc.)
Strategic  performance, 
engage s takeholder 
 Operational performance, 
non-financial, our people 
ambition Summary 
 stakeholder activities
Strategic  performance, 
engage  stakeholder 
 Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our people 
ambition
Strategic  performance, 
deliver  stakeholder value, 
engage stakeholder 
 Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our people 
ambition
Strategic  performance, 
deliver  stakeholder value, 
engage stakeholder 
 Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our people 
ambition
Strategic  performance, 
engage  stakeholder 
 Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our people 
ambition
Relevant Environmental 
maters (e.g. 
 climate-related impacts)
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our planet 
ambition
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our planet 
ambition
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our planet 
ambition
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our planet 
ambition
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our planet 
ambition
Relevant matters with 
respect for human rights 
(e.g. labour protection)
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our impact 
on our supply chain
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our impact 
on our supply chain
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our impact 
on our supply chain
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our impact 
on our supply chain
Operational performance, 
non-financial, Our impact 
on our supply chain
Relevant matters with 
respect to anti-corruption 
and bribery
Governance and risk 
 management, Risk 
 management and internal 
control,  compliance 
and integrity
Governance and risk 
 management, Risk 
 management and internal 
control,  compliance 
and integrity
Governance and risk 
 management, Risk 
 management and internal 
control,  compliance 
and integrity
Governance and risk 
 management, Risk 
 management and internal 
control,  compliance 
and integrity
Governance and risk 
 management, Risk 
 management and internal 
control,  compliance 
and integrity
A  description of  
the policies pursued. Diversity targets
Description of how the 
policy is implemented
Results of the  
diversity policy
Topic
Insight into the diversity 
 (Executive Board and the 
 Supervisory Board)
Operational performance, 
 non-financial, Our people 
 ambition Supervisory Board 
report, Diversity and culture
Operational performance, 
 non-financial, Our people 
 ambition Supervisory Board 
report, Diversity and culture
Operational performance, 
 non-financial, Our people 
 ambition Supervisory Board 
report, Diversity and culture
Operational performance, 
 non-financial, Our people 
 ambition Supervisory Board 
report, Diversity and culture
Data collection process
The reported data is obtained from financial and non-financial data management systems in our own operations, such as 
IFS and SAP for financial and HR data, Mecoms for our electricity transport data, and iTask for our safety data. The key 
non-financial qualitative and quantitative data is included in the regular planning and control cycles and reported internally at 
least once a quarter by the Business Control department which performs a check on the quality and reliability of the data. 
TenneT’s Executive Board and senior management contribute to the context of the report and the quantitative data. 
The definitions and calculations used are disclosed in the abbreviations and definitions section of this integrated report and in 
the CSR section of our corporate website. The definitions and calculations used were re-assessed based on such things as 
process improvements, further alignment within the group and the materiality analysis. As a result, certain originally reported 
comparative figures were re-classified to conform to the current year’s presentation. 
The data for this report was measured, and where no data was available, it was estimated. An example of this is the 
energy use at some of our smaller offices. No uncertainties or inherent limitations to the data were identified due to the 
measurement, estimation or calculation of data.
External assurance
The financial statements included in this report are subject to an independent external audit and TenneT’s non-financial 
reporting is subject to a limited assurance review. These were both conducted by our external auditor, EY Accountants LLP . 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
158
Other information | About this report

Page 158:
Reliable data is essential in our dialogue with stakeholders, so we decided to have our non-financial data reviewed by an 
external accountant. We have requested EY to review Integrated Annual Report chapters ‘At a Glance’, ‘Letter from the 
CEO’, ‘About TenneT’ and ‘Our Performance in 2018’ (excluding ‘Operational performance: Financial’ and ‘Statements of 
the Executive Board’) in accordance with the GRI Standards and audit the financial statements in accordance with IFRS 
and Section 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
Governance of CSR 
For TenneT, CSR covers a broad range of subjects, all aimed at creating a sustainable future for our internal and external 
stakeholders. In 2018, we have adopted a CSR Ambition plan 2025, focusing on three main areas with clear ambitions we 
aim to achieve by 2025. Priorities and targets have been set as well as key performance indicators. For some areas we are 
currently developing new or updating key performance indicators. In 2018, we have expanded our CSR organisation within 
TenneT. We have embedded the CSR role within the Asset Owner department to increase our efforts from a policy side, 
whilst keeping the CSR reporting role within the finance organisation. 
Progress on CSR policy and actions are tracked every quarter in the CSR board. We have established a this board to 
monitor progress on the CSR Ambition plan and advise the Executive Board on the integration of CSR into the business. 
The CSR board, is chaired by the CSR manager and includes the CEO, CFO and senior managers from Asset Management, 
Large Projects, Communication, Public Affairs and Finance. It is TenneT’s ambition to be one of the best-performing 
TSOs in CSR in Western Europe and as such we continuously look for innovations and opportunities to improve our CSR 
performance. We benchmark ourselves against our peers using external assessment processes, such as the Netherlands 
Transparency Benchmark, ISS-Oekom, Sustainalytics and Vigeo. Our ambition is to be in the top 25 of the Transparency 
Benchmark and within the top 25% for the other ratings. This supports our defined ambitions in CSR reporting and CSR 
substantive issues, respectively.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
159
Other information | About this report

Page 159:
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures
In the discussion of TenneT’s financial results, a number of alternative performance measures (non-GAAP figures) are used to 
provide readers with additional financial information that is regularly reviewed by management. These ‘underlying’ (non-IFRS) 
figures should not be viewed as a substitute for TenneT’s financial results as determined in accordance with IFRS, which are 
presented in TenneT’s consolidated financial statements. 
TenneT’s main non-IFRS figures are explained below
EBITDA
TenneT defines EBITDA as operating result before interest, tax and depreciation (including impairments) of tangible fixed 
assets and amortisation (including impairments) of intangible assets. 
(EUR million) 2018 2017
IFRS EBIT 880 900
IFRS Depreciation and amortisation 700 629
IFRS EBITDA 1,580 1,529
Other underlying adjustments -74 -3
Underlying adjustment depreciation 21 22
Underlying EBITDA 1,527 1,548
Net profit
The following table shows the underlying alignment between the IFRS and underlying net profit.
(EUR million) 2018 2017
IFRS EBIT 880 900
IFRS finance result -181 -170
IFRS tax expenses -189 -177
IFRS net profit 510 553
Underlying EBIT adjustments -74 -3
Underlying adjustment interest -9 -24
Underlying adjustment deferred tax on to be settled in tariffs 44 29
Underlying adjustment deferred tax on auction receipts -27 -33
Other underlying tax adjustments -1 9
Underlying Net Profit 443 531
Return on invested capital
ROIC is defined as ‘underlying’ EBIT (see note 2.3) as a percentage of the average invested capital during the year. 
The average invested capital is defined as the ‘underlying’ equity + loans and bank overdrafts minus cash at free disposal. 
Average is defined as sum of year-end and previous year-end figures divided by two.
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
160
Other information | Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures

Page 160:
Summary of stakeholder activities
Stakeholder
Type of 
dialogue What we discussed and achieved in 2018 Priorities for 2019
Governments, political parties and regulatory bodies
Informative 
and close 
involvement
•  Closely monitored NOVI developments through regular contact 
with ministries, especially on the spatial consequences of 
 sustainable ambitions
•  Held intensive sector consultations, generating more support 
for a central data platform.
•  Contributed to the Offshore Wind 2020-2030 roadmap
•  Renewed cooperation agreement with Stichting de Noordzee 
and Natuur & Mileu.
•  Arranged meetings with NGOs, resulting in e.g. The Hydrogen 
Manifesto led by Greenpeace.
•  Devised contributions to the Climate Accord based on main 
points published in July 2018.
•  Improved application of stakeholder management principles.
•  Held intensive dialogue on the Clean Energy Package with 
ministries, regulator and European actors in line with our 
responsibilities; achieved many improvements compared to 
initial proposals.
•  Presented ideas for NEP 2.0 (Grid Development Plan 2.0) 
that are now supported by dena (Deutsche Energie Agentur).
•  Developed strong political support for the InnoSys 2030 
 project. (Joint collaboration of TenneT with 10 industrial and  
4 academic partners on NextGen System Control)
•  Maintained strong political support for grid expansion on a 
 federal and state level, e.g. during summer visit by Germany’s 
Federal Minister Peter Altmaier.
•  Developed concept for soil protection together with relevant 
stakeholders, e.g. farmers and local authorities.
•  Worked together with federal and state government on NABEG 
(Netzausbaubeschleunigungsgesetz) amendment, i.e. the grid 
expansion acceleration law.
•  Contribute to a well-balanced, efficient and future-proof 
 sustainable energy system through close interaction with 
 governmental bodies and other relevant parties.
•  Continue to build relationships with relevant stakeholders, 
e.g. ministries, NGOs, etc., on various relevant subjects.
•  Work with stakeholders towards a future proof energy data hub 
and platform.
•  Further align our stakeholder activities for the Netherlands 
 Environment and Planning Act in close cooperation with 
 ministries to define process of stakeholder involvement.
•  Introduce an area-based approach towards stakeholders.
•  Build reliable relationships with new governments in Bavaria, 
Hesse and Thuringia.
•  Continue to position our views on the Clean Energy Package, 
e.g. ROCs (regional TSO cooperation), ACER recommendations, 
etc., with relevant stakeholders.
•  Implementation of the changing incentive regulation in 
 Germany
Local communities
Informative and 
close involve-
ment in various 
projects Local 
participation 
and interaction
•  Opening of an Information Centre in Kruiningen for projects in 
the Zeeland region, Netherlands.
•  Opening of Cable Information Centres in Dankern (AC)  
and Wilster (DC) Germany.
•  TenneT and German TSO Amprion jointly organised a Local 
Community Day to coincide with the official opening of the new 
Doetinchem-Wesel 380 kV connection.
•  Proactive interaction with local communities and authorities on 
several 110/150 kV cabling projects and substations, during 
the general planning and landscape planning phases.
•  Interaction with local communities, authorities, land owners 
and stakeholders for the two large DC cabling projects, 
 SuedLink and SuedOstLink and for other overhead line 
 projects and cabling sections. As a pilot, we tested in the 
Netherlands small 'atelier' workshops designed for this 
 purpose. This successful atelier approach is now being 
adopted for other projects.
•  Other stakeholder activities including mobile office road shows, 
information markets and planning forums for all AC and DC 
projects in Germany and the Netherlands.
•  In 2017, we began a pilot to quantitatively and qualitatively 
 monitor sentiments and topical local community issues for all 
380 kV projects in the Netherlands. In 2018, for other projects, 
online and offline monitoring of topical issues and sentiments 
became the standard.
•  Implement proactive stakeholder communication for all 
new  projects 
Media
Informative 
and close 
involvement
•  Positioned TenneT as a crucial European player in the energy 
transition.
•  Secured media understanding of our role as a key socially 
responsible player in the development of offshore wind energy.
•  Provided a review on the past developments and future 
 challenges for TenneT, on the occasion of its 20th Anniversary.
•  Continue to position TenneT as socially responsible and a key 
player in the development of a new electricity system based 
on renewables.
•  Share the relevance and necessity of close international 
 cooperation (between TSOs) to realise the energy transition.
•  Promote TenneT’s role in society, i.e. its CSR activities.
•  Promote TenneT’s activities, focussing on innovation and 
 digital transition to facilitate the new energy system.
Continuation >
Summary of stakeholder activities
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
161
Other information | Summary of stakeholder activities

Page 161:
Stakeholder
Type of 
dialogue What we discussed and achieved in 2018 Priorities for 2019
Customers
Informative, 
close 
 involvement in 
various areas 
and contractual 
agreements
•  Implemented Terms and Conditions for Balancing.
•  Formalised TenneT’s role as BSP (Balance Service Provider).
•  Received contract to build IDCONS (Intra-Day Congestion 
 Management), i.e. the TSO/DSO platform to use intraday bids 
for congestion management.
•  Improved nominations for BRPs.
•  Started the Flexibility Monitor.
•  Enlarged the flow-based domain.
•  Defined the market arrangements for the COBRA cable.
•  Conducted research into and meetings on the role of industry 
in the energy transition.
•  Carried out Customer Satisfaction Survey in the Netherlands.
•  Added functionalities to the MyTenneT portal for BRPs  
(IT connectivity).
•  Executed pilots for SINTEG (Schaufenster Intelligente Energie 
programme).
•  Elaborated congestion management concepts between 
TSOs and DSOs.
•  Tested redispatch potential of electric heaters together with 
DSOs.
•  Developed the TenneT energy storage tool also for the German 
market and provided open access on TenneT website to our 
customers.
•  Pre-qualified the first wind farm for the balancing market  
(negative mFRR, Frequency Restoration Reserves manual).
•  Discussed the future balancing market design with our 
 customers (according to the GLEB).
•  Detail what is required of TenneT following the Climate Accord.
•  Complete the first Flexibility Monitor.
•  Go live with IDCONS.
•  Collaborate in big renovation programmes, e.g. RenSec 
 (Renovatie Secundaire installaties 380kV) and TenSec  
(Security measures), and field replacement.
•  Expand MyTenneT functionalities towards new user groups  
(e.g. BSPs, suppliers), new functionalities (e.g. ancillary 
 services) and manual information exchange (e.g. emergency 
upload of XML messages).
•  Implement and go live with flex platforms for the coordination 
of flexibility for congestion management.
•  Develop and discuss a future-proof market design.
•  Offer a web portal for BRP customer data administration.
•  Optimise the lead time of the connection process.
Other European TSOs
Close 
 involvement
•  Detailed cooperation on joint strategies regarding upcoming 
European legislation, e.g. the Clean Energy Package.
•  Detailed cross-border coordination of system operation and 
grid planning.
•  Active involvement in various ENTSO-E and CIGRE 
expert groups.
•  Implementation of the Network Code.
•  Ensure coordinated preparation for the new legislative term of 
the European Commission and the European Parliament
•  Continue operational cooperation
Suppliers
Market 
 consultations, 
pre- 
qualifications, 
negotiations, 
meetings
•  Awarded framework agreements for the AIS Bay replacement 
(for modular standardisation, smooth cooperation, increasing 
speed and reducing downtimes).
•  Awarded maintenance contract for electro-technical and 
mechanical components of TenneT’s offshore infrastructure in 
Germany and the Netherlands.
•  Ran tender processes for large projects in Offshore Germany, 
e.g. DolWin5 (cable, converter and platform), Onshore Ger-
many, e.g. SuedLink and SuedOstLink (cable) and Offshore 
The  Netherlands, e.g. HKN (cable and platform).
•  Increased pre-qualified supplier base.
•  Ran tenders to support digitalisation strategy, e.g. Blockchain, 
EMS/Scada, ERP system and other platforms.
•  Further drive supplier development on sustainability, safety and 
innovation.
•  Expand and secure supplier base by strengthening and further 
developing dedicated spend category management.
< Continued
Summary of stakeholder activities
Continuation >
Summary of stakeholder activities
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
162
Other information | Summary of stakeholder activities

Page 162:
< Continued
Summary of stakeholder activities
Stakeholder
Type of 
dialogue What we discussed and achieved in 2018 Priorities for 2019
Non-governmental organisation (NGOs)
Informative, 
cooperative, 
consulting and 
involvement on 
project level
•  Formed Hydrogen Coalition in cooperation with Greenpeace 
and Natuur & Milieu.
•  Had dialogue with NGOs about the Offshore Wind 2020- 2030 
roadmap.
•  Conducted joint fact-finding process with NSWPH with Dutch, 
Danish, German, British and Brussels-based NGOs.
•  Held intensive alignment discussions with NGOs on 
 development of the Climate Accord.
•  Involved in a joint fact-finding process coordinated by Stichting 
de Noordzee to discuss future governance in relation to special 
use of the North Sea.
•  Developed a guideline for soil protection in cabling projects.
•  Launched Debatte Stromnetze gestalten project with 
 Germanwatch and Renewable Grid Initiative (RGI).
•  Played an active role as member of the RGI.
•  Execute the goals of the Climate Accord to reduce CO2 while 
maintaining security of supply.
•  Continue our constructive dialogue with NGOs.
•  Facilitate the dialogue about grid expansion with critical, 
but constructive stakeholders.
Employees
Close 
 involvement
•  Created a shared people vision and strategy in line with revised 
business strategy.
•  Executed and evaluated several diversity initiatives, creating 
awareness throughout the company.
•  Executed leadership team’s new performance management 
concept, including evaluating and preparing the introduction 
of new performance management concept for the rest of 
organisation.
•  Started discussion on new leadership concept based on 
trusted dialogue.
•  Designed employee value proposition to achieve our ambitious 
strategic project portfolio.
•  Reviewed and designed new learning and development 
approach.
•  Implement derived corporate initiatives on people management 
and follow up on progress.
•  Continue and expand the dedicated activities on diversity and 
inclusion.
•  Roll out new performance management concept for senior 
management, including its design and implementation for rest 
of organisation to strengthen a performance and growth cul-
ture.
•  Design and implement leadership development interventions to 
foster a future-proof leadership.
•  Continue to improve TenneT’s position on the labour market by 
innovating our recruitment processes to improve impact and 
efficiency.
•  Continue negotiations with trade unions on new TSO collective 
labour agreement in the Netherlands.
Design more learning and development interventions for strategic 
target groups to respond to scarcity in the labour market and 
secure the specific expertise TenneT requires.
Shareholders (Corporate and projects)
Close 
 involvement
•  Obtained shareholder approval for investments in several large 
onshore and offshore projects.
•  Regularly updated and obtained shareholder approval when 
necessary.
•  Arranged company and site visits
•  Finalise discussions with the Netherlands Ministry of Finance 
on increasing TenneT’s equity capital in the short to medium 
term.
•  Hold frequent meetings with equity investors.
Debt investors and rating agencies
Close 
 involvement and 
contractual 
agreements
•  Maintained our A-/ A3 credit rating and our top 25% 
 industry-recognised CSR rating.
•  Negotiated and arranged additional financing in banking and 
debt capital markets.
•  Held annual roadshow.
•  Diversified investor base by issuing a private placement in the 
US for EUR 500m.
•  Negotiate and arrange additional financing in the banking and 
debt capital markets.
•  Manage financial risks and capital structure.
•  Focus and expand CSR activities.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
163
Other information | Summary of stakeholder activities

Page 163:
SWOT Analysis
In the section ‘Our performance in 2018’ of our report, we elaborated upon TenneT’s performance, strategic risks and 
the outlook for 2019. Our SWOT provides insight in our company’s opportunities and strengths, as well as its threats and 
weaknesses, providing context to our stakeholders.
SWOT Analysis
Strengths 
High level of security of supply
Competent, well-educated employees  
with a high degree of engagement
Broad experience as a leading offshore  
grid operator 
 Favourable corporate reputation 
amongst stakeholders
 Proven track record in leading  
NWE market integration 
Strong Finance track record and  
good access to debt funding
Opportunities  
Acceleration of the energy transition
New (digital) technologies
for a smarter grid 
Extended electrification of industries  
(a.o. transport, heating)
System Integration / sector coupling  
(a.o. hydrogen)
  Storage solutions
Weaknesses 
Suboptimal performance culture  
(a.o. internal processes and decision  
making procedures)
Inadaptability to external changes
Aging assets
Lack of access to sustainable  
equity financing
Threats
More fluctuating usage of our grid due 
to increase feed in of renewable energy
Insufficient public acceptance of costs  
of the energy transition
Changes in or contradictory political objectives
Talent and resource scarcity
Supplier shortages
Negative developments in the regulatory framework
S
O
W
T
SWOT Analysis
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
164
Other information | SWOT Analysis

Page 164:
Company adresses
Head office
TenneT Holding B.V. and TenneT TSO B.V. 
Mariëndaal Centre of Excellence 
Utrechtseweg 310 
6812 AR Arnhem 
The Netherlands 
Phone +31 (0)26 373 11 11 
 
Postbus 718 
6600 AS Arnhem 
The Netherlands 
 
communicatie@tennet.eu 
www.tennet.eu
Regional offices
The Netherlands
TenneT region West 
Tielweg 28 
2803 PK Gouda 
The Netherlands
TenneT region North 
De Stroom 2 
7901 TE Hoogeveen 
The Netherlands
TenneT region South 
Copernicusstraat 9 
6003 DE Weert 
The Netherlands
Germany
Headoffice Germany 
TenneT TSO GmbH 
Berneckerstraße 70 
95448 Bayreuth 
Germany 
Phone + 49 (0) 921 50740-0
TenneT Lehrte 
Eisenbahnlängsweg 2a 
31275 Lehrte 
Germany
TenneT Berlin 
Friedrichstraße 150 
10117 Berlijn 
Germany
Belgium
TenneT Brussels 
TenneT Holding B.V. 
European Office 
Rue des Deux Eglises 29 
1000 Bruxelles 
Belgium
Company adresses
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
165
Other information |  Company adresses

Page 165:
Key figures: five-year summary  
(based on underlying figures)
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Net debt 8,712 7,687 7,347 5,736 4,159
EBIT 806 897 834 1,075 725
Profit for the year 443 531 523 681 418
Investments in tangible fixed assets 2,212 1,763 1,848 2,405 2,296
Grid availabiltiy 99.9988% 99.9986% 99.9999% 99.9750% 99.9999%
Interruptions 17 11 6 18 4
Interconnectors 14 13 13 13 13
Internal headcount 3,409 3,187 3,040 2,887 2,700
Stakeholder meetings 738 756 171 188 N/A
Key figures
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
166
Other information | Key figures

Page 166:
Glossary
ABP - Algemeen Burgerlijk Pensioenfonds
ABP is the civil service pension fund for government, 
education and energy employees in the Netherlands.
AC - Alternating current
In alternating current (AC), the flow of electricity periodically 
reverses direction. By contrast direct current (DC), electricity 
only flows in one direction. AC is used to transport electricity 
over relatively shorter distances and DC for relatively longer 
distances.
ACER - Agency for the Cooperation of 
Energy Regulators
The European network organisation for energy regulators. It 
has a key role in the integration of European electricity and 
gas markets, providing a framework for cooperation at EU 
level and regulatory certainty.
ACM - Autoriteit Consument & Markt
Dutch national regulatory authority
AIS - Air insulated switchgear
A switchgear that is insulated by air instead of gas.
Blockchain
The digital process of verifying and documenting the 
performance of distributed flexible devices. Blockchain is 
suited to connecting multiple parties and large numbers 
of distributed computed nodes and enabling them to 
undertake joint action in a scalable, transparent and trusted 
network.
BNetzA - Bundesnetzagentur für Elektrizität, 
Gas, Telekommunikation, Post und 
Eisenbahnen
German national regulatory authority
BritNed
The 260 km-long high-voltage direct current BritNed cable 
has a capacity of 1,000 MW and connects the Dutch and 
British electricity grids.
Capex - Capital expenditure
Capital expenditure (capex) is the amount spent on 
acquiring or improving long-term assets. Its benefits are 
enjoyed over a long period time, not only in the current 
year. Capex is of a non-recurring nature and results in the 
acquisition of permanent assets.
Carbon footprint
The total amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly 
and indirectly support human activities, usually expressed in 
equivalent tons of carbon dioxide (CO2).
CEP - Clean Energy Package
On 30 November 2016, the European Commission 
published its long-anticipated ‘Clean Energy for All 
Europeans’ package, more commonly referred to as 
the ‘Winter Package’, consisting of numerous legislative 
proposals together with accompanying documents, aimed 
at further completing the internal market for electricity and 
implementing the Energy Union. 
CGU - Cash generating unit
A cash-generating unit is the smallest group of assets that 
independently generates cash flow and whose cash flow is 
largely independent of the cash flows generated by other 
assets.
CIGRE – International Council on Large 
Electric Systems
Founded in 1921, CIGRE, the Council on Large 
Electric Systems, is an international NGO for promoting 
collaboration with experts from all around the world by 
sharing knowledge and joining forces to improve electric 
power systems of today and tomorrow.
CIP - Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners
Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners is a fund management 
company that is joined between four senior partners and 
PensionDenmark.
CO2 - Carbon dioxide
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas formed by the burning 
of carbon-based fuels. Its concentration in the atmosphere 
is rapidly increasing, leading to global warming.
COBRAcable
A 275 km-long high-voltage direct current cable that is 
under construction to connect the Dutch and Danish 
electricity grids. It will have a capacity of 700 MW.
COSO - Committee of Sponsoring 
Organisations of the Treadway Commission
COSO has established the common internal control model 
against which companies and organisations assess their 
control systems.
Glossary
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
167
Other information |  Glossary

Page 167:
CP programme - Commercial paper 
programme
A commercial paper is a flexible short-term debt instrument 
that is issued directly to the market with different maturities 
and is offered continuously.
CSR - Corporate social responsibility
Corporate social responsibility relates to the socially 
responsible business practices of a company balancing 
people, planet and profit.
Cross-border TSO
A cross-border TSO is a TSO that operates in more than 
one country
DC - Direct current
In direct current (DC), the flow of electricity is only in one 
direction. In alternating current (AC), the electricity flows 
periodically reverses direction. DC is used to transport 
electricity over relatively longer distances and AC for 
relatively shorter distances.
DMAIC - Define, Measure, AnalySe, Improve 
and Control
DMAIC is the problem-solving methodology behind Lean Six 
Sigma. It consists of five Phases: Define, Measure, Analyze, 
Improve and Control.
DSO - Distribution system operator
A regional electricity distribution company, that is connected 
with end users, and is responsible for providing (1) power 
distribution services, by constructing and maintaining 
a robust high-voltage grid, and (2) facilitating a smooth 
functioning, liquid and stable electricity market.
E-wet - Elektriciteitswet 1998
The Dutch electricity law.
EBIT - Earnings before interest and tax
Earnings for the period before income tax expense and 
interest payments are deducted.
EBITDA - Earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation
Earnings for the period before income tax expense, interest 
payments depreciation and amortisation are deducted.
EC - European Commission
The European Commission is the executive of the European 
Union and promotes its general interest.
EEG - Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz
German Renewable Energy Act, designed to govern the 
preferred supply of electricity from renewable sources into 
the grid with guaranteed, fixed minimum producer prices. 
It is intended to serve and protect the climate and is one of 
several statutory provisions aimed at reducing Germany’s 
dependence on fossil fuels such as oil, natural gas or coal, 
and nuclear power.
EIB - European Investment Bank
The European Investment Bank is one of the key financial 
institutions of the EU. It is the only bank owned by and 
representing the interests of the EU member states, 
providing financing for sustainable investment projects that 
contribute to furthering EU policy objectives.
EMTN - Euro medium-term note
A flexible medium-term debt instrument that is issued 
directly to the market with different maturities and is offered 
continuously rather than all at once like a bond issue.
Energinet.dk
Energinet.dk is the Danish TSO that TenneT is partnering 
with to build the COBRAcable between the Netherlands 
and Denmark. Energinet.dk is also participating in the 
development of the North Sea Wind Power Hub.
ENTSO-E - European Network of 
Transmission System Operators for 
Electricity
ENTSO-E is the organisation of transmission system 
operators at a European level, representing 41 TSOs from 
34 countries. Its mission is to promote important aspects of 
energy policy, especially integrating renewable energy and 
the completion of an internal energy market.
EU - European Union
The European Union (EU) is a political-economic union of 28 
member states located in Europe.
EU DG COMP- Directorate-General for 
Competition
The Directorate-General for Competition (DG COMP) 
is a Directorate-General of the European Commission. 
The DG Competition is responsible for establishing and 
implementing a coherent competition policy for the EU.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
168
Other information |  Glossary

Page 168:
EU DG ENER - Directorate-General for 
Energy
The Directorate-General for Energy is one of 33 policy-
specific departments in the European Commission. 
It focuses on developing and implementing the EU’s 
energy policy, namely to provide secure, sustainable, and 
competitive energy for Europe.
FCR – Frequency containment reserve
Frequency containment reserves are the active power 
reserves available to contain a system frequency of 50 Hz 
after the occurrence of an imbalance.
FFO - Funds from operations
Profit for the year plus depreciation, amortisation and 
impairments minus gain/loss on the disposal of assets.
FFO/net debt
Funds from operations divided by net debt.
FTE - Full-time equivalent
Full-time equivalent is a unit that measures work by 
converting work load hours into the number of people 
required to complete that task.
Gasunie - N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie
Gasunie is a European gas infrastructure company that 
transports natural gas and green gas in the Netherlands and 
the northern part of Germany. Gasunie is participating in the 
development of the North Sea Wind Power Hub.
GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
(“GDPR”) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and 
privacy for all individuals within the European Union (EU) and 
the European Economic Area (EEA). It also addresses the 
export of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas.
GIS - Gas insulated switchgear
A switchgear insulated via SF6 gas.
GRI - Global Reporting Initiative
The Global Reporting Initiative is a non-profit organisation 
that promotes sustainability and produces global standards 
for sustainability reporting.
GW - Gigawatt
A unit of power equal to one billion watts.
GWh - Gigawatt hour
A unit of energy equivalent to delivering one billion watts of 
power for a period of one hour.
Helaba - Helaba Pension Trust e.V.
Helaba Pension Trust e.V. is a subsidiary of German bank 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen and holds a part of the 
assets of the German pension plan.
HGRT - Holding des Gestionnaires de 
Réseaux de Transport d‘Électricité S.A.S.
Holding des Gestionnaires de Réseaux de Transport 
d’Électricité S.A.S. is a holding company of EPEX SPOT 
power exchange.
HR - Human resources
Our HR department aims to make a distinctive contribution 
to TenneT’s position as a leading TSO by attracting, 
recruiting and retaining qualified staff, and by creating a 
healthy and stimulating working environment.
HVDC - High-voltage direct current
A high-voltage, direct current system can transmit bulk 
electricity over longer distances than an alternating current 
system and with lower grid losses. As such, HVDC is used 
for connecting offshore wind farms to the onshore grid and 
for our Interconnectors NorNet to Norway, BritNed to the 
UK and COBRAcable to Denmark and NordLink to Norway.
ICF - Internal control framework
Framework for the set of internal controls, to provide 
reasonable assurance on the reliability of our internal and 
external reporting.
Market based congestion management is used to take into 
account the physical transmission capacity of the European 
power grid within the electricity market model. 
IFRS - International Financial Reporting 
Standards
The internationally prescribed and recognised reporting 
guidelines.
Inbound / outbound flows of TenneT
Inbound flows are the amount of electricity in GWh 
transported from connected grids into our grid via the 
interconnections. Outbound flows are the amount of 
electricity in GWh transported from our grid via the 
interconnections to connected grids.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
169
Other information |  Glossary

Page 169:
JAO - Joint Allocation Office
The merger of regional auction offices CASC.EU and 
CAO in June 2015 created the Joint Allocation Office for 
cross-border electricity transmission capacity; JAO is a 
collaboration of 20 TSOs from 17 European countries. It 
significantly increases the efficiency and transparency of 
the European electricity market, creating a single point of 
contact for market participants with harmonised auction 
rules that simplify trading and promises substantial savings 
to TSOs in the coming years.
KfW - Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau
KfW is the Reconstruction Credit Institute development 
bank owned by the German government.
kV - kilovolt
A unit of electric voltage equal to 1,000 volts.
KWK-G - Kraft-Wärme-Kopplungs-Gesetz
The German Combined Heat and Power Act.
LEAN
The core idea of LEAN is to maximise customer value while 
minimising waste. Simply, LEAN means creating more value 
for customers with fewer resources. The principles of LEAN 
were developed by the Japanese car manufactory Toyota.
LoR - Letter of Representation
A Letter of Representation is signed by the management of 
the Group and/or performance unit to attest to the accuracy 
of the financial statements.
LTIF - Lost-time injury frequency
The lost-time injury frequency is the number of lost-time 
injuries per million hours worked. A lost time injury is an 
injury that results in at least one day’s absence from work.
MIGRATE - Massive InteGRATion of power 
electronic devices
The MIGRATE research programme seeks to develop 
solutions to technical issues
Moody’s
Moody’s Investors Service provides of credit ratings, 
research, and risk analysis.
MW - Megawatt
A unit of power equal to one million watts.
MWh - Megawatt hour
A unit of energy equivalent to delivering one million watts of 
power for a period of one hour.
Net debt
Gross debt minus cash and cash equivalents at free 
disposal.
Netbeheer Nederland
Netbeheer Nederland is the association in the energy sector 
representing the interests of national and regional electricity 
and gas network operators in the Netherlands.
NEN
NEN is a Dutch non-profit organisation that supports the 
standardisation process in the Netherlands.
NGO - Non-governmental organisation
A non-governmental organisation is a voluntary citizens’ 
group that is neither a government initiative nor a 
conventional for-profit business.
NOKA - DC Nordseekabel GmbH & Co. KG
NOKA is jointly owned by TenneT and German development 
bank KfW. It is responsible for financing and building the 
German part of the NordLink cable.
NordLink
TenneT is jointly developing the NordLink interconnector 
with its project partners, the Norwegian TSO Statnett 
and German development bank KfW. With an overall 
transmission capacity of 1,400 MW, the subsea cable will 
run between Tonstad in the south of Norway and Wilster in 
northern German. 
NOVI – Nationale Omgevingsvisie
The Netherlands’ new Environment and Planning Act 
comes into effect in 2021, part of which is a single national 
roadmap for the living environment called the ‘National 
Omgevingsvisie’.
NWE - north-west Europe(an)
A region in Europe that includes Netherlands, Germany, 
Belgium, Denmark, United Kingdom, France, and 
Luxembourg.
NWb - WENB Sector Energie NWb
NWb is a Dutch NGO for employers in the energy sector.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
170
Other information |  Glossary

Page 170:
Oekom
Oekom research AG is a sustainability ratings agency and 
external assessor for benchmarking CSR reports.
Opex - Operational expenditure
Operating expenditure (opex) is the expenses that 
a company incurs as a result of its normal business 
operations.
OWF - Offshore wind farm operators
Offshore wind farms are constructed in bodies of water to 
generate electricity from wind.
PROMOTioN - Progress on Meshed HVDC 
Offshore Transmission Networks
A leading European research programme that will result in 
an offshore grid development plan for 2020 and beyond
Prosumers
Energy consumers simultaneously acting as producers
RCF - Revolving credit facility
A line of credit where TenneT pays a commitment fee and 
can then use the funds as and when they are needed.
RES - Renewable Energy Sources
All sources of renewable energy including sunlight, wind, 
tides, waves, biomass and geothermal heat.
RGI - Renewables Grid Initiative
The Renewables Grid Initiative is a unique collaboration 
of NGOs and TSOs from across Europe. It promotes 
transparent, environmentally sensitive grid development to 
enable the further steady growth of renewable energy and 
the energy transition.
ROIC - Return on invested capital
Earnings before interest and tax expressed as a percentage 
of the average invested capital during the year based on 
‘underlying’ information.
S&P - Standard & Poors
Standard & Poors provides of credit ratings, research, and 
risk analysis.
SCL - Safety Culture Ladder
TenneT uses the Safety Culture Ladder (SCL) as a tool 
to increase safety awareness and enhance safety culture 
and not only within our own organisation but also for our 
contractors. The Safety Culture Ladder is a requirement in 
the selection phase of a tender as described in the ‘Safety 
by Contractor Management’ programme. 
SDG - United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs), officially known as transforming our world: the 2030 
Agenda for Sustainable Development, is a set of seventeen 
aspirational ‘global goals’ with 169 targets between them. 
This agenda is set by the UN.
SF6 - Sulphur hexafluoride
An inorganic, colourless, odourless and non-flammable 
greenhouse gas that is used in the electricity industry to 
insulate high-voltage circuit breakers, switchgear and other 
electrical equipment.
SHE - Safety, health & environment
SHE is the set of activities relating to Safety, health & 
environment.
SINTEG - Schaufenster Intelligente Energie
With the SINTEG funding programme, the Federal Ministry 
for Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi) aims to carry out a 
large-scale practical test for the energy supply of the future 
and the digitisation of the energy sector.
SLA - Service level agreement
A service-level agreement is an agreement between two or 
more parties, where one is the customer and the others are 
service providers.
Statnett
Statnett SF is the Norwegian TSO transmission system 
operator that TenneT and German development bank KfW 
are partnering with to build the NordLink cable between 
Germany and Norway.
SuedLink
A DC connection to transport electricity generated in the 
north of Germany to the south.
SuedOstLink
A DC connection to transport electricity generated in north 
of Germany to the south-east.
Sustainalytics
Sustainalytics is a sustainability ratings agency and external 
assessor for benchmarking CSR reports.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
171
Other information |  Glossary

Page 171:
TSCNET
TSCNET Services is the service company of the TSC TSOs. 
The Munich-based company coordinates TSC’s activities 
and provides integrated services for TSOs and their control 
centres
TSO - Transmission system operator
A transmission system operator transports electricity on 
a national or regional level from producers to distributers. 
A TSO is responsible for providing (1) power transmission 
services, by constructing and maintaining a robust high-
voltage grid, (2) system services, by maintaining the balance 
between supply and demand of electricity 24/7 and (3) 
facilitating a smooth functioning, liquid and stable electricity 
market.
UN - United Nations
An international organisation formed to promote 
international peace, security, and cooperation under the 
terms of the charter signed by 51 founding countries in San 
Francisco in 1945.
UNGC - United Nations Global Compact
A call from the UN to companies to align strategies and 
operations with universal principles on human rights, labour, 
environment and anti-corruption, and take actions that 
advance societal goals.
VKE - Versorgungskasse Energie VVaG
Versorgugnskasse Energie VVaG is pension fund for energy 
mutuals and a subsidiary of E.ON SE. It holds a part of the 
assets of the German pension plan.
WACC - Weighted average cost of capital
The WACC is the rate that a company is expected to pay 
on average to all its capital providers to finance its assets.
XBID - European cross-border intraday 
solution
XBID enables continuous trading of electricity across 14 
countries, including the Netherlands and Germany, and 
automatically couples 10 local intraday markets.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
172
Other information |  Glossary

Page 172:
TenneT Holding B.V.
Utrechtseweg 310, 6812 AR, Arnhem, the Netherlands 
P .O. Box 718, 6800 AS, Arnhem, the Netherlands 
W: www.tennet.eu
Colophon
TenneT Holding B.V.
Visiting address
Utrechtseweg 310, 6812 AR, Arnhem, the Netherlands 
T: +31 (0)26 – 37 31 111
Concept & Design
DartGroup, Amsterdam
Copy
Stampa Communications, Amsterdam
Corporate Communications Department
T: +31 (0)26 – 37 32 600 
E: communication@tennet.eu
We look forward to receiving your feedback on this report. Please send an email.
Disclaimer
`We´, `TenneT´, `TenneT Holding´, `the Group´, `the company´ or similar expressions are used in this report as a synonym for 
TenneT Holding B.V. and its subsidiaries.
Parts of this report contain forward-looking information. These parts may include unqualified statements on future operating 
results, government measures, the impact of other regulatory measures on the activities of TenneT as a whole, TenneT´s 
shares and those of its subsidiaries and joint-ventures in existing and new markets, industrial and macro-economic trends 
and TenneT´s performance in these. Such statements are preceded or followed by or contain words such as `believes´, 
`expects´, `anticipates´ or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current assumptions 
concerning future activities and are subject to known and unknown factors, and other uncertainties, many of which are 
beyond TenneT´s control, so that future actual results may differ significantly from these statements.
All financial information in this integrated annual report is reported in millions of euro, unless stated otherwise. As a result, 
small rounding differences may occur.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2018 - TenneT Holding B.V.
173


Page 173:
TenneT is a leading European transmission service operator (TSO), 
with a mission to ensure a secure supply of electricity to 41 million 
people in the Netherlands and large parts of Germany. We maintain 
a network of high voltage lines, of approximately 23,000 kilometres 
over land and sea. We are one of Europe’s major investors in national 
and cross-border grid connections, linking North West Europe’s 
energy markets and facilitating the energy transition. We employ 
over 3,400 people, turn over EUR 4.2 billion and have assets of 
EUR 22 billion. As we fulfill our mission, we make every effort 
to meet the needs of society by being responsible, engaged 
and connected. Taking power further.
TenneT Holding B.V.
Utrechtseweg 310, 6812 AR, Arnhem, the Netherlands
P .O. Box 718, 6800 AS Arnhem, the Netherlands
Telephone:  +31 (0)26 – 37 31 111
E-mail:  communication @tennet.eu
Website:  www.tennet.eu
© TenneT – February 2019
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 TenneT Holding B.V.


