Page 2:
CONTENTS
TomTom ESG Report 2022
OUR IMPACT
Introduction 3
Our people 6
Our culture 9
Social impact 11
Product impact 13
Responsible business practices 15
Environmental footprint 16
Privacy and data governance 21
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
Non-financial reporting information 24
Annual Report 2022 and ESG Report 2022
This ESG Report 2022 is based on the Annual Report 2022 
of TomTom N.V. and has been prepared for ease of 
accessibility. In case of discrepancies between this ESG 
Report 2022 and the Annual Report 2022, the latter 
prevails.
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 1

Page 3:
OUR IMPACT
Introduction 3
Our people 6
Our culture 9
Social impact 11
Product impact 13
Responsible business practices 15
Environmental footprint 16
Privacy and data governance 21
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 2

Page 4:
Making impact across TomTom
Our ambition is to create a better 
world and help people and 
businesses find their way in it, 
through our products and services, 
business practices, and community 
involvement.
We are committed to maximizing our positive impact, 
reporting on how we are doing so, and inspiring and 
activating others to do the same. Our values and 
vision come through in our people and communities, 
products and services, and business operations.
As a global business, we embrace our responsibility to not 
only minimize our negative impact, but also maximize the 
positive one. 
Our data helps local governments to manage traffic, 
businesses to plan smarter working hours, and drivers to 
avoid congested roads, enabling a reduction in emissions. 
TomTom's impact on improving road safety and reducing 
congestion and emissions started with the launch of the 
world's first route-planning software for mobile devices. We 
have since come a long way thanks to constant innovation.
We recognize that our impact extends beyond our 
technologies and also strive to inspire the next generation of 
tech talent and innovators. Further, we organize initiatives to 
give back to the communities in which we are present.
We recognize the challenges associated with climate 
change, and are committed to ensuring we operate a 
sustainable business. Based on our Environmental Policy, we 
are continually taking steps to reduce our environmental 
impact through responsible business practices. 
For instance, we are operating more sustainably through our 
Go Green office programs, sustainable practices around 
materials and energy, and waste recycling efforts, while also 
driving a responsible supply chain outside of our direct 
domain of influence.
Over the past years, we have continuously evolved the ways 
we assess and boost our positive impact as an organization. 
We have made good progress on our ESG efforts in 2022, 
and set a global ESG strategy. In the upcoming sections, we 
describe more about our efforts and how we are making an 
impact across TomTom. In the Risk Management and Control 
section of the Annual Report 2022, we touch upon the 
impact of social and environmental matters to our overall risk 
profile. 
Our company impact activities are currently centered around 
the four United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDG) that best align with TomTom's vision. These are SDG 4 
Quality education, SDG 5 Gender equality, SDG 11 
Sustainable cities and communities, and SDG 17 Partnerships 
for the goals. The latter was newly added this year to reflect 
the increased role of collaboration in our business strategy.
INTRODUCTION
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 3

Page 5:
EVOLVING OUR ESG STRATEGY
Supported by both the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board, we continue to strengthen our 
commitment to conducting business responsibly. In 2022, 
we conducted a materiality assessment, which allowed us to 
identify the ESG themes that our stakeholders deem material 
to TomTom. This enabled us to set clear and measurable 
KPIs that align with our business and reflect our values, and 
formulate a well-informed ESG strategy. 
The improved understanding of our stakeholders' interests, 
introduction of relevant KPIs, and progress on adequate ESG 
reporting practices, will further enable us to move toward a 
fully integrated ESG strategy. We will continue improving and 
expanding our ESG reporting initiatives in 2023.
Our stakeholders
A continuous dialogue with our stakeholders is an important 
part of our day-to-day business, helping us to understand 
how we can best add value that aligns with their interests. In 
this context, our stakeholders can be broken down into five 
groups: customers, employees, investors, suppliers, and 
society as a whole.
To further develop our understanding of stakeholders' 
perspectives on ESG, we engaged with a selected sample of 
stakeholders in a structural manner throughout the year, on 
top of our regular engagement as displayed on this page. 
Amongst others, this additional engagement on ESG 
included virtual and in-person interviews, various surveys, 
and in-depth discussions.
INTRODUCTION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 4

Page 6:
Identifying material themes
The KPIs and targets we have set touch on all axes of ESG, 
and are derived from the input of our most important 
stakeholders.
Together with representatives from each of the stakeholder 
groups, we identified the ESG themes that are most material 
to TomTom. These might include themes that have a notable 
impact on TomTom, or themes on which TomTom is 
perceived to have a substantial impact. 
The materiality assessment contained interviews with 
external and internal stakeholders, supported by surveys 
collected from additional stakeholders. This led to the 
identification of a range of important themes. After careful 
analysis, the themes that were most frequently cited were 
selected, and internal representatives of stakeholder groups 
were asked to rank them. Subsequently, the outcome was 
presented to and discussed with the Management Board and 
Supervisory Board.
The outcome of the materiality assessment covered a broad 
number of themes, ranging from TomTom’s ability to attract 
and retain talent and foster a diverse and inclusive 
workplace, to enabling others to reduce their environmental 
footprints. Other themes, such as security and data privacy, 
also ranked highly amongst our stakeholders. 
For further details on the performed materiality assessment 
and selection of themes, please see the Non-financial 
reporting information section.
Setting clear targets
Progress on the identified themes is key to achieving our 
shared value ambition and is directly linked to our objectives. 
As such, the Management Board was able to set relevant 
KPIs and accompanying targets. 
At the same time, we have bolstered our reporting efforts, 
enabling us to achieve limited assurance on the KPIs stated 
in the above table. Each theme’s KPI and target is discussed 
in the remainder of this chapter.
Reporting on our impact
With our ESG strategy aligned with our stakeholders’ 
perspectives and interests, we are also further improving our 
reporting. 
The identified themes provide a useful framework to discuss 
our impact. First, our people and their positive impact on 
society are discussed, after which our efforts in operating a 
responsible business are highlighted.
For more details on our ESG reporting practices in relation to 
the outlined themes and the related KPIs, reference is made 
to Non-financial reporting information section.
 
Assurance
To formalize our ESG strategy, we requested our auditors to 
provide independent assurance on certain KPIs and the 
disclosures relating to the materiality assessment. As a result, 
EY provided limited assurance on the performance for 2022 
of the KPIs related to MT1 (Employer of choice), MT2 
(Diversity and inclusion), MT4 (CO2 emissions) and MT5 
(Security and data privacy). For theme MT3 (Technologies 
that reduce emissions and improve road safety) we aim to 
obtain limited assurance in 2023 as the related KPI is more 
complex in nature.
Having assurance from an independent external assurance 
provider reinforces our commitment to making a positive 
impact.
INTRODUCTION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 5

Page 7:
TomTom helps people find their place in 
the world through their impact
EMPLOYER OF CHOICE
KPI
Employee Engagement Score
TARGET 
Top-in-class employer with a 4th quartile benchmark 
score by 2025
PERFORMANCE 
Employee Engagement Score of 75 in 2022, as 
compared to the Glint Technology industry benchmark 
score of 82
LINK TO STRATEGY
TomTom's success depends on its talented workforce. 
To attract and retain the right talent, advancing 
TomTom'ers' well-being is essential to achieving the 
company's strategy.
In 2022, we took significant steps to make it easy for 
TomTom’ers to make an impact, through their role at 
TomTom and in the broader community.
Impact is defined by the technology that TomTom’ers create, 
saving people precious time while travelling, enabling the 
next level of automated driving, and more. TomTom'ers' 
impact is also found in their growth, development, and 
ownership of their career. We enable all of the above for a 
single reason – so that TomTom is known as the place where 
impact seekers can achieve more. 
We continue to evolve our way of working to foster an agile, 
inclusive, and innovative work environment, with a 
competitive rewards program and meaningful learning and 
development opportunities. We are focused on being the 
employer of choice – attracting, retaining, and developing 
the right talent. Our employee engagement score provides a 
useful indicator of our achievements, and we have set out to 
increase our score to be top-in-class. 
Like last year, we ran two surveys, one in April and one in 
November. For the former, we received a response rate of 
83% and an engagement score of 77. For the latter, we 
received a response rate of 86% and an engagement score 
of 73. This resulted in an achieved average score of 75, 
which is 7 points lower than the Glint Technology industry 
benchmark in 2022. As a result, we have not achieved our 
target of scoring in the 4th quartile of the benchmark. The 
year-on-year decrease in engagement score (2021: 78) can 
largely be explained by the realignment of our Maps unit, 
which impacted approximately 500 employees worldwide, 
equivalent to around 10% of our total global headcount.
Attracting impact seekers
The labor market is more competitive than ever. We aim to 
deliver what current and future TomTom’ers want and need 
– workplace flexibility, an impactful and stimulating role, and 
the opportunity to contribute to innovative technologies. This 
is inherent to the TomTom experience.
As a result, the pull to TomTom is strong. We remain able to 
hire the right talent and have even seen several TomTom’ers 
“boomerang,” returning to TomTom. Additionally, we 
attracted senior leaders from leading tech companies 
worldwide. This success stems from our approach – 
emphasizing TomTom’s impact-focused and flexible culture.
Internal changes at TomTom
With our constant emphasis on impact, we also aim to 
continuously improve our mapmaking processes. By 
integrating a wider array of digital sources and increasing our 
automation levels this year, we can now create a smarter and 
more impactful map in a more efficient way. These 
innovations have, however, altered the skill mix required to 
update and maintain the map. As a result, we realigned our 
Maps organization in 2022, to ensure our competitiveness 
going forward.
We supported affected TomTom’ers in several ways. We 
communicated with our various sites regularly and 
transparently, with several live Q&As for TomTom’ers to 
share their questions and concerns with TomTom’s 
leadership team. We prioritized redeployment, with a 
dedicated Talent Acquisition team looking for vacancies that 
matched the skills and experiences of affected TomTom’ers. 
If this was not possible, we also provided outplacement 
support to optimize TomTom’ers’ chances of finding the right 
opportunity. And for everyone involved, we organized 
resilience workshops to help TomTom’ers identify different 
types of stress and practical ways of coping with it.
OUR PEOPLE
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 6

Page 8:
Choosing to lead
Leadership refers to how TomTom’ers act, contribute, view 
themselves, and are perceived by others. It means looking at 
situations positively, taking initiative, and driving solutions – 
closing the gap between aspiration and reality.
We believe leadership is for everyone. Being a leader is a 
choice. We introduced the Leadership Foundation in 2021 to 
show TomTom’ers how to be a leader at any level. During 
2022, we rolled out the Leadership Foundation and further 
reinforced the set of behaviors, principles, and values that, if 
embodied, will lead to outstanding leadership in 2023.
TomTom’ers take ownership of their growth and success. 
They create opportunities for more significant impact, 
increase their knowledge, raise their performance levels, and 
use their expertise to influence and inspire others. 
Performance that inspires
The next step was operationalizing the Leadership 
Foundation, embedding it within our performance 
management and hiring processes. 
With our new approach to performance management, we 
wanted to ensure that all TomTom’ers feel that their 
performance and development are recognized and 
prioritized across the company. To do this, we introduced 
three performance pillars. Based on these pillars, 
TomTom’ers co-create and shape their performance 
expectations with their manager throughout the year.
PERFORMANCE PILLARS
Impact
The consequences of what TomTom'ers do.
Leadership
How TomTom'ers work, by applying the behaviors and 
principles from the Leadership Foundation.
Capabilities and development
How TomTom'ers improve, building those capabilities 
that ensure they have the right skills for their role.
Through these performance pillars, TomTom’ers can 
emphasize what matters most and leverage their full 
potential. Our role is to make it easier for our TomTom’ers to 
do this. We hosted multiple trainings and interactive 
sessions, and provided a variety of guides and tools. 
Similarly, we want to integrate the Leadership Foundation in 
the hiring process, helping candidates understand how they 
can be successful at TomTom. We will continue our efforts 
on this front in the coming year. 
These initiatives are essential to our strategy. Not only do we 
want to attract the best talent, we also want to give them the 
tools to build on their successes and become even stronger.
Guiding our engineers to excel 
As our TomTom’ers grow stronger, we want them to 
recognize and seize the opportunities available to them. To 
facilitate this, we updated our engineering career ladders to 
clarify the impact TomTom’ers can have in their role. We 
have also extended our career tracks so TomTom’ers can 
continue to exceed their expectations. 
The Leadership Foundation enables TomTom'ers to achieve 
the high levels of quality that are required to create 
TomTom's technologies.
TomTom'ers grow with the company, developing their skills 
to meet new challenges and spreading their knowledge 
among their colleagues. This cultivates a culture of 
excellence.
Opportunities to innovate 
Impact seekers thrive on the chance to bring ideas to life – 
TomTom’ers are no different. As such, TomTom Lab, our 
global innovation program, continues to be as popular as 
ever. The program enables people to innovate outside their 
daily activities and offers an opportunity to make an impact. 
The program's goal is to create new solutions or improve 
pre-existing TomTom products, helping TomTom achieve its 
ambitions. To maximize the impact of TomTom'ers' ideas, we 
introduced “idea themes” – each tied to a business priority.
IDEA THEMES
Ecosystem growth
Enabling developers and customers to use our map 
features, APIs, and SDKs, to build on top of our map or 
customize it for their specific use cases.
Data-driven decision-making
Finding new ways of gaining insight into how we can 
improve our products.
Vertical focus
Increasing value for our Enterprise customers while 
accelerating the transition to electric vehicles.
Customer use cases
Discovering a unique solution to a common problem 
faced by our existing or potential new customers.
OUR PEOPLE CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 7

Page 9:
With these idea themes, we can ensure that TomTom’ers’ 
ideas immediately affect what we want to achieve as a 
company. They inspire ideation and development, improving 
our products to solve complex problems for millions of 
people worldwide. 
Rewards and benefits to empower 
Our rewards approach will continue to focus on offering 
compensation packages that attract and retain talent, and 
drive performance and engagement. We provide competitive 
rewards that motivate high performance levels. In addition, 
we offer the work flexibility TomTom’ers need to perform on 
those levels consistently. We support TomTom’ers to reach 
and sustain those high performance levels by investing in 
training and development plans.
We have also fully integrated our flexible working program, 
Working @ TomTom (W@TT). This gives TomTom’ers the 
freedom to work from home or the office, depending on their 
activities and personal preference. Whether undertaking a 
focused exercise or joining colleagues for a social catch-up, 
TomTom’ers choose the location.
Now, we are extending our commitment to flexible working 
by redesigning our offices. We want to transform them into 
new, modern locations with workspaces suited to all 
activities. We have already redesigned our office in Pune and 
intend to continue this process in Amsterdam, developing a 
single center of operations that is fully equipped for all 
TomTom’ers’ needs.
Finally, our new Extended Location Flexibility benefit gives 
TomTom'ers the possibility to work abroad for a period of 
time. Whether our people return to their families or work in 
an entirely new environment, they are given the freedom to 
decide from where they will have the most impact. 
Listening and responding to our TomTom’ers
We are continuously searching for ways to improve the 
TomTom experience. This is why engagement surveys are 
essential – TomTom’ers can share their honest feedback on 
the strengths of life at TomTom, and areas of improvement. 
Through TomTom'ers' feedback, we know what our 
workforce needs to continue succeeding and we act on it 
accordingly, as we have done on previous surveys' results. 
For example, the aforementioned Extended Location 
Flexibility is an initiative introduced following TomTom’ers’ 
previous survey responses.
Supporting well-being
We care about TomTom'ers' well-being. All TomTom’ers 
have access to professional counseling to support them 
through difficult times. Additionally, we regularly organize 
and host sessions to raise awareness around mental health.
We are proud and thankful for our TomTom’ers’ resilience 
and strength, looking out for one another in times of need. 
As a company, we will continue to nurture a working 
environment where TomTom’ers feel safe and comfortable 
being open with us. 
TomTom is a great place to work
Our workforce is empowered to make impact in their lives 
and through their work. We create leaders at every level and 
support TomTom'ers through benefits that reward their high 
performance and support their learning and growth. We 
ensure our people can make our shared ambitions a reality.
OUR PEOPLE CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 8

Page 10:
A culture of inclusion that powers a 
more impactful TomTom
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
KPI
Gender diversity ratio
TARGET 
30% female representation at company level and 20% 
for senior management (director and above) by 2025
PERFORMANCE 
Female representation in 2022 of 27% at company 
level; and 17% for senior management.
LINK TO STRATEGY
TomTom's diverse and inclusive culture enables 
enhanced value creation for all stakeholders and 
supports TomTom'ers to deliver on key strategic goals.
Our diversity makes us stronger, more innovative 
and creative, and brings us closer to our customers. 
We are committed to ensuring people from all 
backgrounds feel welcome at TomTom and are able 
to find their impact.
At TomTom, we are 3,800 passionate problem solvers from 
80+ nationalities, spread across the globe. We know it is 
important to embed diversity and inclusion in our company 
through inclusive, equitable processes. Our diverse and 
inclusive culture makes us a more impactful organization. For 
instance, by grouping together TomTom'ers from 15 different 
locations and 26 product units, the TomTom Lab initiative 
delivered 67 innovative ideas to address location technology 
challenges.
Our commitment, goals, and progress
In accordance with our Diversity and Inclusion Policy, we 
continued driving progress towards better representation of 
all backgrounds in the company in 2022.
To source diverse talent and stimulate inclusion, we 
continued our partnership with myGwork, the global 
recruitment and networking hub for LGBTQIA+ professionals. 
In addition, we extended our collaboration with the Refugee 
Talent Hub in the Netherlands to support the integration and 
development of newcomers. The collaboration focuses on 
sourcing refugee talent and providing relevant trainings.
To improve gender diversity, we are guided by our goal to 
reach 30% female representation at company level by 2025, 
and 20% female representation at senior management level. 
Our targets for diversity were adjusted from last year, to 
account for industry averages. We believe the target remains 
ambitious, as the industry average female representation for 
engineers is 23%. 
In 2022, women accounted for 26% of new hires (2021: 24%). 
Looking specifically at tech and leadership, women 
accounted for 17% of tech hires (2021: 17%) and 14% of hires 
in director level and above positions in 2022 (2021: 27%). 
Female representation at company level decreased 
marginally to 27% (2021: 28%). For senior management, 
female representation is 17%, which translates into 27 women 
and 131 men. Due to our increased focus on hiring for tech 
roles over the years, for which gender diversity is lower than 
non-tech roles, we experience challenges in moving the 
needle on female representation. 
We believe that transparency and accountability in our 
actions are key in order to learn, improve and ultimately 
reach our level of ambition, and will continue our efforts on 
diversity in 2023.
The diversity policy of our Management Board is included in 
the Management Board section of the Annual Report 2022.
OUR CULTURE
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 9

Page 11:
Fostering a culture of inclusion
We aim to foster a diverse, open, and inclusive company 
culture and workplace, where all TomTom'ers feel connected 
and valued. We stand up for each other and for equal 
opportunities by celebrating our accomplishments, calling 
out problematic behavior, and being mindful of our cultural 
differences. 
The role of allyship is crucial here. By being allies, we help 
everyone feel accepted and valued. Our relationships 
become stronger as a result, particularly with marginalized 
groups that need our support.
 
We introduced a global Allyship Workshop to start 
familiarizing TomTom'ers with the principles of allyship and 
enable them to correctly apply it in various social scenarios. 
This workshop will continue to be rolled out to more 
TomTom’ers in 2023 and be integrated in our onboarding 
processes.
In addition, we drive inclusion through moments of 
awareness or celebration, such as our International Women’s 
Day, Pride Month and Mental Health Day initiatives. In 2023, 
we will continue our efforts to make an impact through 
important cultural moments.
International Women’s Day Week of Learning
Inspired by the global #BreakTheBias campaign, our annual 
global Week of Learning returned for the third year in a row 
and put female-identifying experts in the spotlight. The week 
provided an opportunity to learn, become a stronger ally, and 
get inspired to be 'Bigger than Bias'.
We are proud that our global and local initiatives were 
recognized by the Great Place to Work® Institute (India), as 
we were named one of India’s Best Workplaces for Women 
2022.
From mentorships and sponsorships to executive leadership 
programs, we will continue to support women in accelerating 
their careers in tech while creating a workplace where they 
feel welcomed and empowered.
Pride Month
At TomTom, we encourage everyone to “Be you, be proud”. 
For us, Pride is a global celebration of the LGBTQIA+ 
community, recognizing the value and impact that LGBTQIA+ 
members have in our world. 
We want TomTom’ers to feel comfortable being their true 
and authentic selves, and learn from each other’s 
experiences. During Pride Month, we celebrated our amazing 
TomTom LGBTQIA+ community and its allies.
Mental Health Day
Supporting our people’s well-being is a key priority for us. 
That means raising awareness around neurodiversity and 
mental health stigmas, and providing useful resources 
through our Mental Health Day educational content. 
 
OUR CULTURE CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 10

Page 12:
Our people make social impact where it 
matters most
We exist to help people and businesses find their 
way in a better world. A better world in our view is a 
world of equal opportunities, high-quality education, 
and sustainable communities and cities. 
In 2022, we created an impact framework to align our efforts 
with our idea of a better world. The framework spans four 
pillars. Its foundation is our culture and values. The 
framework is intended to drive support toward the four SDGs 
that best align with TomTom's vision.
OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE
Our people and culture are key to powering a more impactful 
TomTom. We aim to attract impact seekers, support them to 
take charge of their potential, and enable them to innovate. 
In addition, we feel strongly about our inclusive and diverse 
culture, in which everyone can be their authentic selves. 
In 2022, TomTom'ers actively contributed their skills, time, 
and resources to support universal access to quality tech 
education and their local communities more broadly.
TECH EDUCATION FOR ALL
We are passionate about bringing more talent into tech. As 
such, we believe tech education should be accessible to 
everyone. We engaged in several initiatives to support this, 
including organizing the TomTom NEXT Global Student 
Hackathon.
TomTom NEXT Global Student Hackathon
The second edition of the student hackathon provided 129 
students from six locations and eight tech institutions with 
the opportunity to try their skills at three real-life cases. 
This edition introduced multiple difficulty levels to provide a 
meaningful learning experience to a broader group of 
students. On top of prizes of more than €20,000, students 
received mentoring and feedback from TomTom experts.
One of our technology education partners for the hackathon, 
Codam Coding College, offers tuition-free software 
engineering education to a diverse group of students. As 
part of the partnership, TomTom'ers provided mentoring and 
masterclasses to these students in 2022, thereby helping to 
bridge the gap between their personal goals, skills, and the 
job market.
SOCIAL IMPACT
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 11

Page 13:
STRONGER LOCAL COMMUNITIES
We aim to make a positive impact in all the communities we 
are present in. For instance, TomTom’ers in the Netherlands 
have volunteered more than 1,000 hours as part of the paid 
volunteering time-off benefit introduced in 2019. TomTom'ers 
made impact by mentoring students, giving talks on road 
safety in local schools, and participating in World Cleanup 
Day, amongst others.
Furthermore, in India, we partnered up with Katalyst, a local 
NGO that supports the economic empowerment of young 
women and prepares them for leadership roles, driving 
stronger female representation in the tech industry. TomTom 
India has committed to sponsor multiple internships over the 
coming years.
Lastly, to provide aid to those impacted by the war in 
Ukraine, TomTom’ers donated around €50,000 to the Red 
Cross. This total was matched by TomTom. Additionally, all 
TomTom’ers, received paid volunteering days to help those 
in need. 
Our community in Poland, KoguTT (Kulturalno Oświatowa 
GrUpa TomTomowa), worked tirelessly to ensure the safety 
of affected people, and supported by handing out groceries 
and medicines, providing transportation and verbal 
translation help, and much more.
Supporting refugee integration and inclusion
In 2022, we continued our partnership with the Refugee 
Talent Hub in the Netherlands. The Refugee Talent Hub 
connects employers with newcomers, with the goal of 
providing paid employment as well as training opportunities.
To boost our efforts in supporting refugees, TomTom joined 
the TENT Partnership for Refugees in April 2022. As part of 
this partnership, we intend to hire refugees in technology 
roles and provide them with relevant training. Through these 
efforts, we not only give back to a community of people in 
great need, but also tap into a diverse pool of talent.
In addition, our teams in Poland and Germany took time to 
understand local refugee needs and explore partnerships to 
provide training and hiring opportunities. In 2023, we aim to 
formally partner up with organizations in Poland and 
Germany to start shaping up our impact initiatives locally.
TAX PRINCIPLES
TomTom’s approach to tax is published on our website. 
TomTom has committed to the Dutch Tax Governance Code 
for multinational companies, as coordinated and published 
by VNO-NCW in 2022. TomTom complies with the 
requirements of this Code, with the exception of reporting on 
a legal entity basis. Instead, TomTom voluntarily reports its 
tax payments on a regional basis.
TomTom views taxation as an important contribution to a 
sustainable society, as they are a source of funding for public 
services in the countries where we operate.
Corporate income taxes are paid based on taxable profits 
and borne by TomTom as a taxpayer. TomTom’s taxable 
profits are calculated in accordance with TomTom’s OECD-
based transfer pricing model and local tax rules. Corporate 
income taxes include withholding taxes deducted by 
customers on TomTom’s invoices and withholding taxes on 
distribution of dividends.
In addition to income taxes, which are due by TomTom as a 
taxpayer, our local business activities also create a 
responsibility to collect and pay other types of taxes like 
payroll taxes and indirect taxes. By collecting and paying 
these taxes to local authorities, TomTom provides a 
meaningful contribution to the countries in which it operates.
Payroll taxes are paid by TomTom to authorities in the form 
of wage taxes and social security contributions, for example. 
These payments partly consist of employer’s contributions, 
but the majority is withheld from wages paid to employees 
and are as such remitted on behalf of TomTom’s employees.
Indirect taxes such as value added tax (VAT) are 
consumption taxes which are levied on the added value and 
have an output and input element. Below overview shows 
TomTom’s net VAT amounts paid, being the balance 
between output VAT and input VAT.
In addition to the taxes mentioned above, TomTom also 
contributes to society by means of other types of taxes such 
as customs duties, packaging taxes, environmental taxes, 
and batteries taxes. These other taxes are not included in 
below overview, as they are not material for TomTom. 
The following table provides an overview of TomTom’s net 
payments of taxes. As is reflected, taxation is an important 
part of our business and is paid in the regions in which we 
operate.
(€ in thousands) 2022 2021
Europe1 1,999 6,171
North America 1,244 475
Rest of world 1,840 923
Total corporate income taxes 5,083 7,569
Europe 99,762 88,352
North America 9,170 7,758
Rest of world 8,434 8,129
Total payroll taxes 117,366 104,239
Europe 15,748 16,767
North America 1,160 847
Rest of world 94 546
Total value added taxes (net) 17,002 18,160
1 Amount includes withholding tax paid in jurisdictions outside Europe. The
  lower 2022 amount is mainly due to refunds.
SOCIAL IMPACT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 12

Page 14:
Creating a better world through our 
products and technologies
TECHNOLOGIES THAT REDUCE 
EMISSIONS AND IMPROVE ROAD SAFETY
KPI
CO2 reduction enabled by our Traffic Services
TARGET 
To be set in 2023
PERFORMANCE 
TomTom is working on assessing and reporting on the 
reduction in emissions its product and technologies 
enable and expects to provide further insights in 2023.
LINK TO STRATEGY 
TomTom's products and technologies add value by 
enabling others to make smarter mobility decisions, 
thereby also increasing efficiencies.
Our products and technologies enable everyone, 
from individuals to governments and businesses, to 
make smarter mobility decisions. This enables us to 
make a positive impact with our products and 
services.
Beyond the social impact TomTom'ers make by contributing 
their skills, time, and resources to worthy causes, they also 
make an impact through their work – through the products 
and technologies they help create. 
Our offerings are focused on helping others make better 
decisions, be that while driving to work or scheduling a multi-
stop route for a delivery driver. In doing so, our offerings 
enable reductions in emissions and increases in road safety.
We are committed to maximizing the positive impact of our 
products and technologies, and encourage our people to 
innovate to create a better world. This makes our people's 
work more enticing, and our products and technologies more 
valuable for our customers.
INCREASING ROAD SAFETY
Our location technology is relied upon by millions of people 
day in, day out. They make use of our technologies to 
navigate to work, hail a ride to an appointment, or look up 
the location of a restaurant. By streamlining our services, we 
are creating a more comfortable experience for our users. 
Especially in mobility-related use cases, we are able to make 
a meaningful social impact as well. For instance, by providing 
timely warnings on what is happening on the road ahead, we 
can improve road safety and decrease the number of road 
casualties. As an example, our jam tail warnings alert drivers 
that a traffic jam might be approaching. Even though the 
traffic jam may only start just around a bend, drivers using 
our technology will be able to already let off the gas, 
avoiding harsh braking, diminishing risks of rear-end 
collisions, and smoothening traffic waves. 
PRODUCT IMPACT
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 13

Page 15:
REDUCING EMISSIONS
At TomTom, we see climate change as an important 
environmental risk and strive to limit emissions. As such, we 
offer products to enable others to move towards a world with 
less emissions, together with us. Accurate traffic data, 
dynamic routing, up-to-date information on charging stations, 
and much more, all help to reduce our collective 
environmental footprint.
Better routes, less emissions
Our offerings, and especially those that service mobility-
related use cases, incorporate options for users to opt for a 
more ecological route. In addition, our traffic service enables 
millions of users to navigate around efficiency-diminishing 
traffic jams, leading to a material effect driven by lower 
emissions from mobility.
Supporting the move toward electrification
Interest in electric vehicles (EVs) is soaring, yet their adoption 
is held back by doubts around practical feasibility. Drivers 
experience range anxiety, as they are unsure of their 
vehicle's range and the charging availability along their 
route. Our products turn range anxiety into range accuracy, 
offering peace of mind to drivers and accelerating the 
transition towards a cleaner, more sustainable future.
 
An EV's range depends on much more than its current 
battery level. Driving speed, traffic, road type and elevation 
all impact how far a vehicle can go. TomTom EV Routing and 
Range takes such factors into account to plan efficient 
routes, provide precise range predictions and calculate 
reliable estimated times of arrival – making every drive 
enjoyable and effortless. That includes long-distance EV 
routing that shows drivers where and when to charge on 
long journeys, as well as how long the stop will take. We also 
help drivers choose the best time and place for charging, 
based on availability, charging speed and user preferences.
ESTIMATING OUR IMPACT
We are working on estimating the positive impact of our 
products and services on people’s lives and the 
environment. 
Our traffic services enable our users to avoid traffic jams and 
drive at a more fuel-efficient, constant speed. The gross 
effect of driving at a more optimal speed, is partially offset by 
having to drive an alternative, and potentially longer, route to 
avoid traffic congestion. Even so, our traffic services enable a 
net reduction in CO2 emissions. 
We are developing a methodology to determine the total 
CO2 emission savings enabled by our traffic services. The 
preliminary estimates indicate that the overall CO2 savings 
from our traffic services exceed our combined Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions.
However, these calculations are complex and are based on a 
wide variety of assumptions. As such, we will not report in 
detail on the net CO2 reduction enabled by our traffic 
product in 2022. Over the course of 2023, we will further 
strengthen our methodology and reporting.
In addition to environmental benefits, we estimate that 
TomTom's traffic services users who encounter a traffic jam 
will benefit from an improved driving experience. Users save 
up to 12 seconds per trip kilometer driven, while their 
average speed is improved by 4.5 kilometers per hour.
PRODUCT IMPACT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 14

Page 16:
We are committed to conducting our 
business responsibly
At TomTom, we are committed to make the most 
impact for all stakeholders in a responsible manner. 
Our governance structure supports this commitment, 
through long-term value creation, ethical business 
practices, and a values-driven culture.
ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES 
TomTom is dedicated to conducting business in a 
transparent, ethical, and accountable manner. Our ethical 
business practices reflect our commitment to transparency 
and accountability, allowing us to build a relationship of trust 
with our stakeholders. As a data-driven company, these 
practices include an unwavering commitment to personal 
data privacy and a high degree of transparency.
Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct describes our business principles, 
guiding our employees in their work and their interactions 
with external stakeholders.
Our Code of Conduct training and awareness program and 
control mechanisms play a pivotal role in preventing bribery, 
corruption, and other misconduct at TomTom. The program 
is designed to instill an awareness of everyone’s 
responsibility to uphold TomTom’s business principles and to 
speak up in case of misconduct. The program includes 
gamified trainings, interactive refresher sessions, tailored 
communication, and custom-made campaigns on specific 
topics like human rights, safe working environments, anti-
bribery and corruption, security, confidential information, and 
our Open Ears Procedure. 
Through our Open Ears Procedure, our employees and 
stakeholders have the opportunity to anonymously speak up 
about any potential misconduct, without fear of retaliation. 
We received five reports through our Open Ears Procedure 
in 2022. The reports related to claims of breaches of internal 
procedures, harassment and bullying. All reports were duly 
investigated and all cases which we could substantiate were 
followed up on in accordance with our policies. Outside of 
the Open Ears Procedure, no cases of non-compliance with 
the company's principles and corporate policies were raised. 
Our business principles and corporate policies and 
procedures are an important and mandatory part of our 
global induction program for all employees, as well as for all 
existing employees. No anti- corruption or bribery-related 
KPIs were set for 2022. 
Our labor principles outline our commitment to human rights 
and include, among others, freely chosen employment, 
respect for age requirements, non-discrimination, and 
freedom of association. The principles are reflected in the 
way we treat our employees and are included in our policies, 
employment agreements, and recruitment procedures. Our 
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement under the UK 
Modern Slavery Act summarizes our actions to address the 
risk of modern slavery within our operations and those of our 
suppliers. No human rights-related KPIs were set for 2022.
Reducing our environmental footprint
Besides enabling others to reduce emissions, we also drive 
efficiencies in our own operations. This year, we set 
ourselves the goal to become carbon neutral by 2030. See 
the Environmental Footprint section for more information.
Data privacy and security
We are a data-driven company that separates itself from the 
competition through strict data privacy governance and 
practices. We remove identifiable elements from our data, 
using de-identified data solely to improve our products, and 
not to feed alternative business models. To enforce our 
beliefs, we provide a no-ad guarantee with our products. See 
the Privacy and Data Governance section for more details. 
Continuous improvements
In our effort to continuously improve our practices, also as 
part of our Quality Management System, we will further 
develop policies, risk management processes, and KPIs in 
relation to matters such as our environmental impact, human 
rights and anti-corruption and -bribery.
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 15

Page 17:
Enabling a more sustainable future by 
maximizing our operational efficiency
CO2 EMISSIONS
KPI
Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 
Scope 3 CO2e cloud emissions
TARGET 
Carbon neutral on Scope 1 and 2 by 2030
PERFORMANCE 
1,860 tCO2e Scope 1 emissions; 
1,305 tCO2e Scope 2 emissions; and
187 tCO2e Scope 3 cloud emissions in 2022
LINK TO STRATEGY
TomTom wants to ensure its growth ambitions are 
achieved in a sustainable manner, by minimizing its 
carbon emissions.
We recognize that climate change poses a 
significant risk to the environment, and we are 
dedicated to lowering emissions through both our 
products and enhanced operational sustainability.
We are committed to operational sustainability. We adhere 
to our Environmental Policy and are continually increasing 
our efforts to identify and minimize our impact on the 
environment through responsible business practices.
We report on our direct and indirect emissions in Scope 1 
and 2, as per the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol. This year, 
we also started reporting on the emissions from our cloud 
computing usage, included in our Scope 3. A more detailed 
look at the GHG Protocol, the different Scopes, and our 
performance this year, is included below.
In 2022, our total emissions as a company decreased year 
on year. Our Scope 1 emissions decreased 8% year on year 
and our Scope 2 emissions decreased 29% year on year. 
The decrease can be partially explained by the ongoing 
initiatives we have in place to limit our environmental 
footprint. These initiatives include our Green Building 
Program, a Company Car Policy that prioritizes the use of 
electric vehicles, the careful management of resources and 
waste, and many others.
To raise awareness of our efforts to minimize our 
environmental footprint, ensure all TomTom'ers support us 
toward becoming a more sustainable company, and inspire 
them to make more sustainable decisions, we held the first 
global TomTom Earth Week in 2022.
Our growing community of #be-tomtom-green ambassadors 
provided useful insights, and we planted more than 4,000 
trees with the help of OneTreePlanted, one for every 
TomTom'er.
Additionally, to encourage knowledge-sharing, we hosted an 
external panel discussion around “Partnerships for green 
change – how can we create more sustainable cities & 
communities?” We were joined by external experts and 
partners – the UN Global Compact Network Netherlands, 
CARIAD (a Volkswagen Group), PTV Group and the 
Municipality of Amsterdam to discuss our shared ambitions 
and how we can collaborate to create more sustainable 
cities.
To strengthen our commitment to becoming a more 
sustainable company, we have set ourselves the goal to 
become carbon neutral on Scope 1 and 2 by 2030. Scope 1 
and 2 include the direct and indirect emissions we readily 
control. The remainder of this chapter includes a detailed 
look at how we are moving toward carbon neutrality, with 
our efforts to identify our emissions, and the initiatives we 
are taking to limit our footprint.
ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 16

Page 18:
IDENTIFYING OUR EMISSIONS
Reducing the environmental impact of our operations starts 
with identifying its sources and adequately reporting on 
them. We have adopted the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol 
as the underlying framework driving our GHG emissions 
reporting. The GHG Protocol was drawn up by the World 
Resources Institute and the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development, and identifies three scopes in 
which emissions can be categorized.
Scope 1 focuses on direct emissions mainly caused by 
company facilities and vehicles. For TomTom, Scope 1 
emissions originate from heating of our office facilities and 
company car usage. 
Scope 2 captures indirect emissions resulting from 
purchased electricity, district heating and cooling. 
Lastly, Scope 3 focuses on all other indirect emissions that 
occur in a company’s value chain. Importantly for TomTom, 
this scope includes emissions from purchased services 
including cloud computing, purchased goods, waste 
disposal and employee travel. Additionally, emissions from 
the end-of-life treatment of products and the use of our 
services are included here as well.
We report on Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from all 
entities over which we have operational control, as per the 
organizational boundary-setting methodology under the 
GHG Protocol. Consequently, our reporting includes 
emissions from owned as well as leased assets.
With regards to Scope 3 emissions, we have identified our 
cloud usage as an area of focus. Most of our processes and 
development activities involve use of cloud computing and 
storage services. As such, we are reporting on Scope 3 
cloud emissions this year. In the future, we will reassess 
including Scope 3 emissions from other sources in our 
reporting as well.
In 2023, we will further assess how we can improve and 
expand our emissions reporting.
Aside from reporting on our emissions, this chapter also 
contains a detailed discussion of our initiatives to reduce our 
environmental footprint.
ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 17

Page 19:
SCOPE 1 & 2 EMISSIONS PERFORMANCE
In discussing emissions performance, it should be noted that 
a greater amount of actual consumption data was available 
for 2022, where most 2021 figures, especially with regard to 
emissions from our facilities, were estimated using emission 
factors.
For 2022, we report a significant reduction of Scope 1 and 2 
CO2 emissions originating from our lease fleet, MoMa 
vehicles, and facilities.
Scope 1 emissions from our facilities exhibited a limited year-
on-year decrease, which can mainly be explained by the 
reduced consumption of heating oil in our North American 
offices.
Scope 1 emissions related to our lease fleet increased in 
2022. This increase resulted from an increase in vehicle 
travel as COVID-19-related restrictions were lifted.
Emissions associated with our MoMa vehicles decreased 
strongly in 2022, as compared to 2021. This decrease was 
caused by a reduction in the kilometers traveled by our 
MoMa vehicle fleet, driven by efficiencies gained in our 
mapmaking process.
In relation to Scope 2, we observe a strong decrease in 
market-based emissions related to our facilities. This 
decrease mainly resulted from the Asia-Pacific region, and 
specifically the emissions from our Pune, India office. 
In 2022, an increased amount of actual consumption data 
was available for this office, leading to more accurate 
estimates. In addition, the decrease in Scope 2 emissions 
can be attributed to a reduction in office space in Eindhoven 
and Poland. Scope 2 location-based emission decreased for 
the same reasons.
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS PERFORMANCE
As a first step toward capturing our Scope 3 emissions, we 
are reporting on the emissions from our cloud computing 
usage in 2022.
Dealing with big data to develop our products and services 
requires advanced, scalable, state-of-the-art technology, 
including secure, scalable data storage and hosting. 
In recent years, we have moved the majority of our day-to-
day activities to external cloud storage providers, from on-
premise cloud storage. This has helped us manage our 
activities and their impact more efficiently, as our cloud 
providers are, on average, three to five times more energy 
efficient as compared to our in-house IT infrastructure.
For Scope 3, our reported emissions include the Scope 1 and 
2 emissions of our cloud providers. Our reported Scope 3 
emissions do not include the Scope 3 emissions of our cloud 
providers. Though we recognize that the Scope 3 emissions 
of our cloud providers might represent a significant part of 
their total emissions, we chose to exclude them due to a 
lack of available data for some suppliers and to avoid 
double-counting within Scope 3.
The year-on-year decrease in cloud emissions results from a 
focus on energy efficiency and continuous innovation by our 
cloud providers in order to reduce energy usage and 
increase operational excellence. The decrease is partly 
offset by increased cloud usage, driven by the growth of our 
Location Technology business and the transition to 
providing more cloud-based solutions for our customers.
In the upcoming years, we will strengthen our reporting on 
our cloud emissions by working together with our suppliers 
and engineering teams, with the ultimate objective of 
optimizing energy efficiency and limiting our emissions.
(tonnes CO2-
equivalent) 2022 2021 Method3
Facilities 419 449 Combination
EMEA 326 340
NAM 79 94
APAC 14 15
Lease fleet 652 575 Asset-specific
EMEA 652 575
MoMA vehicles1 789 1,006 Asset-specific
Scope 1 1,860 2,030 Combination
Facilities 1,305 1,844 Combination
EMEA 604 644
NAM 87 65
APAC4 614 1,134
Scope 2 (Market) 1,305 1,844 Combination
Cloud1 2 187 208
Scope 3 187 208
Group sum 3,352 4,082 Combination
Per FTE 0.81 0.93
Excl. MoMa 2,563 3,076
Facilities 2,825 3,370 Combination
EMEA 2,003 1,954
NAM 208 281
APAC 614 1,134
Scope 2 (Location) 2,825 3,370
1 Includes global data.
2 Cloud emissions include the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our cloud 
providers. Cloud providers' Scope 3 emissions are not included.
3 Calculation methods are derived from the GHG Protocol and are explained 
in the Non-financial reporting information section.
4 Calculation method changed for India Pune office from average-data to 
actual-data for 2022 figures effecting comparability.
.
ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 18

Page 20:
INITIATIVES TO REDUCE OUR FOOTPRINT
We run various initiatives to limit our footprint, like optimizing 
office sustainability and improving resource management.
Green Building Program
We conduct building assessments, using rating methods like 
BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental 
Assessment Method) and LEED (Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design), to achieve sustainable development. 
Topics addressed in these assessments are climate change, 
health, biodiversity, transport, water and material usage.
In 2022, we achieved BREEAM In Use certifications for one 
of our offices in Amsterdam and our Eindhoven office, both 
ranking Very Good. Our Dutch offices score, on average, 6% 
above the BREEAM benchmark, excelling in energy (+11%) 
and waste management (+18%). We also support biodiversity 
by providing shelter to bees and birds (+25%). Performance 
on indoor climate (-7%) will be addressed in refurbishments, 
integrating science-based concepts to support health, well-
being, and productivity, per the WELL Building Standard.
Our office in Pune, India, obtained LEED Gold certification for 
its interior design and construction in 2022. It achieved 
reduction in water and energy consumption of 50% and 14% 
compared to the LEED baseline, respectively. Indoor air 
quality is monitored continuously to promote a healthy and 
productive workplace through high fresh-air ventilation rates.
Besides evaluating existing offices, we consider sustainable 
performance in building selection. Our new offices in Berlin 
and Lodz are LEED Building Design and Construction Gold 
certified. Today, 36% of our offices have a valid green 
building certification. 
Energy efficiency
In 2022, we purchased certified domestic renewable 
electricity for 26% of our office locations. At the same time, 
we monitor energy consumption in larger offices to identify 
efficiency opportunities. In 2023, we will work on developing 
a strategy that enables a climate neutral office portfolio.
Primary energy use 
(GJ/m2) 2022 2021
Netherlands 0.79 0.78
A cleaner company fleet
We introduced a new Company Car policy for Belgian 
employees in 2021 and expanded the policy to France in 
2022. The policy prioritizes the use of fully electric and 
hybrid-electric vehicles wherever possible, and supports the 
installation of charging stations at the office and at home.
Today, 9% of our fleet consists of electrified vehicles (2021: 
2%). We aim to expand this share, but delivery of new 
electrified vehicles, as part of lease renewals, was slowed by 
industry shortages in recent years. Most vehicles that are yet 
to be delivered to us will be electric or hybrid. 
Driving a responsible supply chain
We believe it is imperative that our suppliers integrate 
fundamental human rights, safety, and sustainability in their 
operations. Suppliers should adhere to our Supplier Code of 
Conduct and are asked to acknowledge our Environmental 
Policy. We also work proactively with major suppliers, like 
our cloud providers, to identify and limit our footprint.
Specifically related to the manufacture and shipment of our 
navigation devices, we have a Corporate Environmental 
Product Compliance program in place. We monitor the 
legislative and regulatory developments that apply to our 
products, accessories, and packaging in order to establish 
our corporate and supplier requirements. This includes the 
constantly evolving environmental legislation on chemical 
substances, changes in which we communicate with the 
business to ensure we are current and compliant.
Management of resources, efficiency and consumption
We monitor our resource consumption and carefully select 
materials for consumption. We strive to use Forest 
Stewardship Council-certified (FSC) products wherever 
available, work with FSC-certified catering and sanitation 
product providers, and take sustainability into account when 
selecting furniture, construction, and stationary suppliers. 
Additionally, we actively monitor water usage in the 
Netherlands, covering around 28% of our workforce.
 
Water use
(m3/FTE) 2022 2021
Netherlands 3.04 2.92
Waste management and recycling
We are committed to a proactive global take-back strategy, 
spanning both waste generated in our offices as well as 
across the supply chain. We have implemented waste 
recycling in all offices and try to prevent waste production by 
facilitating the reuse of stationary products of office furniture. 
We are working with our waste service partners to ensure 
waste is processed responsibly, within the country.
Office waste
(% of waste in the Netherlands) 2022 2021
Reused 0%  39 %
Recycled  49 %  29 %
Composted  19 %  11 %
Energy recovery  32 %  21 %
Landfill  0 %  0 %
Total (in kg) 39,865 33,239
The volume of waste generated in our supply chain is 
decreasing with our navigation device sales. This is reflected 
in the absolute amount of waste recycled within the supply 
chain. We remain committed to recycling and a responsible 
end-of-life treatment of our sold products.
Recycled waste
(Tons, unless stated otherwise) 2022 2021
Electrical and electronic 
equipment (WEEE) 171 197
Battery waste 11 13
Packaging waste1 178 211
1 Excludes data from the U.S., Australia and New Zealand.
Traveling
To decrease the impact of our travel, we have focused on 
substituting air travel with rail travel on routes between the 
Netherlands, Belgium, France, and the UK. We continue to 
revise our Travel Program and challenge our travelers to 
travel more smartly and sustainably. Initiatives such as the 
prioritization of direct and sustainable routes and use of 
certifiably sustainable hotels are points that are evaluated to 
be added to our Travel Program.
ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 19

Page 21:
EU TAXONOMY
The EU Taxonomy establishes an EU-wide classification 
framework intended to provide businesses and investors 
with a common language to identify and report on, as of 
January 1, 2022, to what degree economic activities can be 
considered environmentally sustainable through the creation 
of activity-specific sustainability criteria. 
Under the requirements of the EU Taxonomy, companies 
currently in scope of Directive 2014/95/EU on the disclosure 
of non-financial information, which has been implemented 
into Dutch law through the Decree disclosure on non-
financial information (‘Besluit bekendmaking niet-financiële 
informatie’), need to disclose for reporting period 2022 the 
proportion of Taxonomy-aligned and non-Taxonomy aligned 
economic activities in their total turnover, Capital 
Expenditures (CAPEX) and Operating Expenses (OPEX) 
including certain qualitative information. 
Our assessment on the eligibility and alignment of our 
business activities with the Taxonomy is made based on EU 
Delegated Act. For the assessment of eligibility, we consider 
the NACE macro sectors and activities listed in the Annexes 
for Climate Change Mitigation and Climate Change 
Adaptation, as published by the EU.
As the list of activities under this Delegated Act currently 
applies to specific sectors with high CO2 emissions, our 
revenue generating activities currently do not fall under any 
of the activities described those Annexes. Consequently, the 
proportion of our current revenue that can be considered as 
Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned is 0% for both 
2022 and 2021. The applied denominator for EU taxonomy 
turnover is defined as Revenue as disclosed in note 6 to the 
consolidated financial statements. Further disclosures as 
well as the applied accounting policy can be found in the 
same note.
More information on our product offerings and their 
contribution in making a positive impact on the environment 
can be found in the Product impact section. 
For the CAPEX and OPEX KPIs, our efforts to make our 
offices and facilities more sustainable through activities such 
as the implementation of energy management systems and 
energy efficient lighting, can be considered as eligible 
activities. 
Based on our assessment we identified 0.2% of eligible 
CAPEX (2021: <1%) which all qualify as aligned CAPEX and 
0.02% eligible (2021: <1%) and aligned OPEX. This 
assessment is in line with our assessment last year. In the 
Non-financial reporting section on pages 28 to 30, we 
present the outcome of our assessment in more detail.
For assessing the extent of alignment we reviewed the 
criteria in article 3 of the EU regulation 2022/852 and the 
associated technical screening criteria included in the 
Delegated Acts. We identified the portion of our eligible 
activities that meet all technical criteria, and can thus be 
considered as Taxonomy-aligned activities. Such activities 
are included as part of the numerators of the respective 
KPIs. We ensured that expenditures are not double-counted 
and are only allocated once to each of the KPIs.
The denominator for the CAPEX KPI includes additions in 
Intangible assets, Property, plant & equipment (PP&E) and 
Lease assets, including reassessment. Refer to note 14-16 of 
the financial statements for more information on the 
additions to the above-mentioned assets as well as the 
related accounting policies. 
The denominator for the OPEX KPI is determined based the 
EU Taxonomy definition which covers direct non-capitalized 
costs that relate to research and development, building 
renovation measures, short-term leases, maintenance and 
repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-
to-day servicing of assets or property, plant and equipment. 
This differs from the total of operating expenses in our 
financial statements.
Our assessment is based on our interpretations on how the 
regulation applies to our business activities and the impact 
thereof on eligibility and alignment. We will continue to 
assess our eligibility and the extent of EU Taxonomy 
alignment in 2023. Future guidance could result in more 
accurate definitions and altered decision-making in meeting 
reporting obligations that may come into force, which could 
impact future EU Taxonomy reporting.
ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 20

Page 22:
Data privacy and security are 
built into everything we do
SECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY
KPI
Percentage of engineers certifiably trained on security
TARGET 
75% of engineers certifiably trained on security by 2025
PERFORMANCE 
9% of our engineers were certifiably trained on security 
at the end of 2022.
LINK TO STRATEGY
Our customers demand products that meet high safety 
and security standards.
Safety, security, and privacy has always been a 
priority at TomTom. We focus on giving everyone the 
right to personal privacy when using our technology. 
To this end, we follow a safety, security, and privacy-
by-design approach to ensure the full life cycle of our 
products and services is designed to enable user 
privacy, with security and control over their personal 
data. With this approach, we consider data privacy, 
security, and the proper management of data from 
the start of design through the entire engineering 
and operations process.
Our ISO27001 certified Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) ensures that we meet the security demands of 
our customers and regulators in a standardized and holistic 
manner. Our security capabilities protect the privacy of our 
customers and our products.
Data drives our business, but data privacy comes first. That 
means we use big data to drive continued innovation and 
product improvements, processing billions of anonymous, or 
'de-identified', global data points every day. People using 
products and services based on our technology contribute to 
a continuous feedback loop that we use to improve our 
technology for users. We do not use any data for advertising 
purposes. 
We apply the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
on a global scale. GDPR is considered to be the most 
extensive privacy regulation in the world. It supports us in 
offering a high level of protection to our users worldwide by 
allowing us to use their data only when strict regulations are 
met.
All employees at TomTom are conscious of data privacy and 
security. There are many initiatives to create the appropriate 
awareness, and training is provided to all employees on a 
continuous basis. These trainings include company-wide e-
learnings as well as training sessions with specific 
departments. In addition to the generic training, dedicated in-
depth training is provided to our engineers for an additional 
level of security.
Mid-2022, we started a new program named Security 
Journey, that provides in-depth training on security tailored 
to the engineers and the programs they are working on. The 
training is intended to help identify potential security 
vulnerabilities early and reduce the number of vulnerabilities 
in programs over time. 
The program is still in its early stages. In 2022, we trained 9% 
of our engineers over the course of several months, and we 
aim to train over 75% of our engineers by 2025. With this 
training, we will first address all engineers that work on 
customer-facing and critical applications. If we reach 75% of 
our engineering population, we will have trained most of 
these engineers. This initiative is still new and the completion 
rate is expected to grow significantly in the coming years. 
More details on the training and how this is measured can be 
found in the Non-financial reporting section.
PRIVACY AND DATA GOVERNANCE
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 21

Page 23:
TOMTOM PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
Protecting personal identity
We embed aggregated location data in our 
products, protecting individual details.
User control 
We enable people to remain in control of their data. 
At any time, people can opt-out or opt-in when using 
our technologies.
We never sell personal data
We only use personal data to improve our 
technology.
No ads
We design our products to guide people, with no 
intrusive or distracting ads.
TOMTOM SECURITY PRINCIPLES
Security mindset
We put security at the heart of everything we do. 
Security is part of everybody’s daily work, ensuring 
safe and secure products for our customers and a 
safe and secure working environment within 
TomTom.
Security by design 
We embrace doing the right things and doing things 
right from the start – whatever TomTom builds, buys, 
or does. We do risk-based protection of information 
together with our customers.
Transparency 
We promise to be the responsible and trusted 
custodians of our customers' data. We will be 
transparent if our customers' data or products are 
ever at risk, and proactively inform and involve 
customers as early as possible to minimize any 
potential adverse impacts.
For more information
How we use our customers' data:
Privacy at TomTom
PRIVACY AND DATA GOVERNANCE CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 22

Page 24:
SUPPLEMENTARY 
INFORMATION
Non-financial reporting information 24
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 23

Page 25:
PURPOSE
This section includes certain contextual information related to TomTom's ESG disclosures, 
included in the Our Impact chapter and the sections contained therein.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
To ensure our efforts on ESG are aligned with our stakeholders' interests, we performed a 
materiality assessment. The annual materiality assessment ensures TomTom is aware of what 
is going on in the world, what is important for our stakeholders, where we can have an 
impact, and how we should increase our efforts. We conducted an extensive assessment in 
2022, which consisted of several steps. 
We started with a thorough process to identify our key stakeholders (both internal and 
external), followed by the interviewing or surveying of each of these stakeholders to receive 
their input on a broad range of themes that may be considered relevant for TomTom. This 
process resulted in a list of material topics. Our stakeholders were asked to rank these 
material topics by way of a broad survey, enabling us to create a materiality matrix.
Materiality matrix
Below is the materiality matrix that resulted from our stakeholder interactions.
The highest-ranking themes are related to our employees and our investments in them, our 
products and their potential to enable carbon emissions reductions, and data security and 
privacy governance.
Another important theme is the diversity and inclusion of our workforce, as it affects our 
employees' well-being and TomTom's attractiveness as an employer. Lastly, TomTom's own 
emissions are also considered a material theme, though stakeholders suggested emission-
related themes to be less pertinent to TomTom throughout the materiality assessment.
Selection of themes
Based on our stakeholders' inputs, captured in the materiality matrix, we center our efforts 
around five themes. These themes are as captured from our stakeholders, with the exception 
of the pairs of product-related and emissions-related themes, which we both combined into 
one resulting in the following themes:
• Employer of choice; 
• Diversity and inclusion;
• Technologies that reduce emissions and improve road safety;
• CO2 emissions; and
• Security and data privacy.
KPI PERFORMANCE
For each of the material themes, we have defined a KPI which is discussed in detail in the 
Our Impact chapter. A summary of our performance is presented in the table below. The 
below table omits our performance on the KPI related to the material theme 'Technologies 
that reduce emissions and improve road safety' as this was outside of the assurance scope.
KPI Target Performance 2022
Employee Engagement 
Score
Top-in-class employer with 4th 
quartile benchmark score by 
2025
Employee Engagement Score of 75 
(average of two surveys) 
Gender diversity ratio 30% female representation at 
company level; and 
20% for senior management 
(director and above) by 2025
Female representation of 27% at company 
level; and
17% for senior management.
Scope 1 and 2 CO2e 
emissions
Scope 3 CO2e cloud 
emissions
Carbon neutral on Scope 1 and 
2 by 2030
1,860 tCO2e Scope 1 emissions; 
1,305 tCO2e Scope 2 emissions; and
187 tCO2e Scope 3 cloud emissions
Percentage of engineers 
certifiably trained on 
security
75% of engineers certifiably 
trained on security by 2025
8% of engineers certifiably trained on 
security in 2022 (9% cumulative by end of 
2022)
Below, the methodology applied in measuring the performance on each of our KPIs is 
discussed in detail.
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 24

Page 26:
EMPLOYER OF CHOICE
This theme centers around TomTom's reputation as an employer of choice. This is an 
important determinant of success in attracting and retaining the right talent. This success is 
quantified by measuring employee engagement, which is selected as this theme's KPI. Our 
target for employee engagement is to be a top-in-class, scoring with 4th quartile benchmark 
to be reached by 2025
Measurement of employee engagement
Employee engagement is measured biannually, through an anonymous survey sent out to all 
employees (further referred to as 'the employees'). Contractors, as well as employees whom 
we know will be leaving the company, are excluded from the survey results. 
For this survey, we use software called Glint, which is widely used and also provides the 
Technology industry benchmark scores against which we measure our performance. 
Controls are in place to ensure a complete list of employees is shared with Glint, so that all 
employees are given the opportunity to respond to the survey. The outcome of the survey 
can range between 0 and 100. 
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
The diversity of our workforce and the level of inclusion our employees experience are the 
central points of this theme. We have chosen one axis of diversity, gender, as an indicator for 
company-wide diversity. This allows us to measure progress on this theme. We have set a 
target of 30% female representation within TomTom, and 20% female representation for 
senior management, to be reached by 2025.
Measurement of diversity and inclusion
Data on our workforce is captured in our HR tool, which includes gender data. For the 
measurement of this KPI, employees with both fixed as well as temporary contracts are 
considered. Our HR analytics department reports on the gender representation of our 
company. 
Our employees can identify themselves as male, female, and non-binary, and have the option 
to withhold from disclosing their gender should they prefer so. Less than 1% of our workforce 
prefers not to disclose their gender identity or identifies as non-binary.
Senior management is defined as director and above (i.e., grade 19 and up) as administrated 
in our HR tool. 
TECHNOLOGIES THAT REDUCE EMISSIONS AND IMPROVE ROAD SAFETY
This theme centers around the positive impact our products and services can have on 
reducing emissions and improving road safety. Even though we have set a KPI related to this 
theme, we are in the process of developing a methodology to determine the total CO2 
savings enabled by our traffic product. These calculations are complex and based on a wide 
variety of assumptions, and are yet to be matured. As such, we do not report in detail on the 
net CO2 reduction enabled by our traffic product in 2022, and have not set a longer-term 
target yet.
Measurement of emission savings
Our traffic services enable our users to avoid traffic jams and drive at a more fuel-efficient, 
constant speed. To estimate the impact of our traffic services and the enabled reduction of 
carbon emissions, we randomly sampled 50,000 trips with different lengths. Throughout 
these anonymous calculations, a safety, security, and privacy-by-design approach is used to 
ensure user privacy, security, and safeguarding of personal data.
We combined the sampled trip data with the average consumption of trips independent of 
trip length or duration, or speed. Based on external research data, fuel efficiency for internal 
combustion engines is most efficient in the range between 50km/hour and 80km/hour. We 
can calculate the average trip distance and speed, both for drivers receiving our traffic 
services as well as drivers that do not use our traffic services. Subsequently, we can estimate 
the average CO2 emission saved per driven kilometer. 
This average figure is then upscaled by the observed total number of kilometers our traffic 
services users drive annually. In this calculation, we take into consideration the percentage of 
journeys that experience traffic congestion. As a result, the total savings are determined, 
under the assumption that users receiving our traffic services have also made use of these 
traffic services.
The preliminary estimates show that by using our traffic services, the CO2 emissions per 
driven kilometer decrease. This gross effect of driving at a more optimal speed is partially 
offset by the driving of a potentially longer route. Even so, the preliminary estimates further 
indicate that the overall CO2 savings from our traffic services exceeds our combined Scope 1 
and Scope 2 emissions.
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 25

Page 27:
CO2 EMISSIONS
This theme is centered around the emissions originating from our day-to-day operations. 
Based on the conducted materiality assessment, it appears stakeholders consider TomTom's 
own emissions a lesser material theme for TomTom. Nevertheless, we deem it our 
responsibility to minimize our environmental footprint and, therefore, consider our CO2 
emissions to be an important KPI. We have set a target to become carbon neutral in relation 
to our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030.
We started reporting on our emissions in 2021, which was a first step in disclosing the 
emissions computed in accordance with the methods set out in the GHG Protocol. Under the 
GHG Protocol, emissions are categorized into Scope 1, 2, and 3. Scope 1 focuses on direct 
emissions, mainly from company facilities and vehicles. Scope 2 captures indirect emissions 
resulting from purchased electricity, district heating, and cooling. Scope 3 focuses on all 
other indirect emissions that occur in a company’s value chain, both upstream and 
downstream. As a first step toward capturing our Scope 3 emissions, we are reporting on the 
emissions from our cloud computing usage.
Aside from categorizing emissions into three scopes, the GHG Protocol also provides 
guidance on how to set organizational boundaries as regards to emissions reporting. We 
report on emissions from all entities over which we have operational control, as per the 
organizational boundary-setting methodology under the GHG Protocol. Consequently, our 
reporting includes emissions from owned as well as leased assets.
Measurement of Scope 1 emissions
The reported Scope 1 emission figures have been carefully computed. Due to limited real-
time data availability, we have applied diverging methodologies per emission source. 
Under the GHG Protocol, several calculation methods are given. The most accurate reporting 
is achieved by using the asset-specific method, which considers actual emissions from 
individual assets. This method requires detailed consumption data. Should these data not be 
available, the average-data method allows us to calculate emissions from assets using 
externally sourced emission factors and intensities. Figures for most sources of emissions are 
computed using a combination of the asset-specific and average-data method, as applicable.
Facilities
A portion of our Scope 1 emissions originate with fossil fuel consumption for office heating 
and fugitive refrigerant. These emissions are estimated using actual consumption data for all 
of our offices in the Netherlands, our Lebanon, NH, office, our offices in Lodz, and a few 
minor offices. During 2022, there were no leakages of refrigerants reported for these offices.
For offices and leased coworking spaces for which we do not have actual consumption data, 
we compute emissions using the average-data method. We use the most recent available 
figures from the U.S. Energy Information Administration’s (EIA) Commercial Buildings Energy 
Consumption Survey (CBECS) as our main source of office energy intensity, adapting the 
figures to account for differing climates across our global footprint. Energy intensity figures 
are multiplied by gross leasable floor space, to arrive at emission estimates. 
Vehicle fleet
Our vehicles also contribute to our Scope 1 emissions. We operate a fleet of leased 
passenger vehicles and an array of specialist MoMa vehicles.
We collected consumption data for all MoMa vehicles and the vast majority of leased 
passenger vehicles. Fuel consumption is converted to emissions using established emission 
factors per fuel source. For four of the 254 passenger vehicles, emissions were estimated 
using average vehicle emissions across our fleet, as consumption and mileage data was not 
available.
Emission factors and important other assumptions
As per the GHG Protocol, we have prioritized the asset-specific method of calculating our 
emissions over other methods. Data on our consumption was calculated from bills, invoices, 
and (smart) consumption meters, where applicable.
As previously indicated, where consumption data was not available, we extrapolated actual 
usage or worked with consumption intensities, reported per gross leasable floor space and 
corrected for applied heating and cooling methods, localized climate, and building use. 
These consumption intensities were gathered from the EIA's most recent CBECS study, while 
correcting for localized climate was mainly done using EIA data and data from European 
Climate Design.
To make the translation from consumption figures to emissions, we relied on emission factors 
for each type of consumed fuel as reported by the U.S. EIA. In applying the reported emission 
factor for natural gas, which was based on gigajoules, our natural gas consumption was 
translated to gigajoules using net calorific values per cubic meter as reported by the 
Netherlands Enterprise Agency.
Measurement of Scope 2 emissions
Scope 2 includes our indirect emissions from purchased electricity and district heating. 
These emissions center around our office locations, both owned and leased.
Facilities
Actual consumption data was available for our offices in the Netherlands, our Lebanon, NH, 
office, our offices in Lodz, and a few minor offices. For the offices for which we could not 
obtain actual data, we used average-data formulas to estimate energy consumption for other 
offices. Consumption was estimated by using energy intensity figures from EIA’s CBECS and 
gross leasable floor area data. This is in line with the GHG Protocol. We aim to strengthen our 
data collection in 2023 to further improve data accuracy and consistency.
Having collected or estimated consumption figures, our emissions from purchased electricity 
and district heating are computed using grid average emission factors per location. Since we 
employ renewable energy certificates for our offices in the Netherlands, Belgium, Poland, 
and some other locations, the GHG Protocol demands us to report on Scope 2 emissions 
using two methods. Using the market-based method, we take these certificates into 
consideration, thereby lowering our overall footprint. Conversely, the location-based method 
does not allow for the consideration of contractual instruments.
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 26

Page 28:
Emission factors and important other assumptions
Data on the consumption of electricity, heating, and cooling, was collected from (smart) 
consumption meters, invoices, and bills, where applicable. For offices for which we were not 
able to collect actual consumption data, we made use of consumption intensities, corrected 
for applied heating and cooling methods, local climate, and building use, from the EIA's most 
recent CBECS study. Corrections for local climate where made using assumed climate 
regions gathered from the EIA and data from European Climate Design.
To convert consumption data to emissions, we apply grid average emission data from a 
multitude of local sources. For our offices in Europe, we leverage data from the European 
Environment Agency, while U.S. grid average emissions are gathered from the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency. Similarly, grid average emissions from local national 
bodies were used for other countries. In all, locale-specific grid average emissions were used 
for both emissions from purchased electricity as well as purchased heating and cooling.
Measurement of Scope 3 cloud emissions
Scope 3 cloud emissions include the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our cloud providers. These 
emissions are measured via dashboards provided by our cloud providers in which we can 
monitor our emissions. In cases where emission data was not available for one or two months 
of the year, emission data were extrapolated based on current-year as well as previous years' 
usage trends.
SECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY
Security and data privacy are essential to our products and services. This theme centers 
around how we follow a safety, security, and privacy-by-design approach to ensure the full 
life cycle of our products and services is designed to enable user privacy, with security and 
control over their personal data.
We have established a Group Safety and Security function and implemented related 
processes and controls. Further, reporting is in place on relevant topics, such as the risk of 
security breaches in our information systems and our products and services. The Safety and 
Security Committee meets regularly and monitors the risks, required investments, and 
progress made to reduce safety and security risk. 
It is very important for us that the safety and security of our products is of the highest 
standards, and security training is an important element to achieve this. We have several 
types of training available ranging from group-wide continuous security awareness trainings 
for all employees, to dedicated training for small groups. In 2022, we started a new program 
named Security Journey, that provides in-depth training on security tailored to the software 
engineers and the programs they are working on. The training is intended to help identify 
potential security vulnerabilities early and reduce the number of vulnerabilities in programs 
over time. 
Measurement
The security training for our software engineers consists of several learning paths. Each 
learning path contains a variety of modules. For example, the white belt (foundational) 
training path contains 16 modules, and the yellow belt (in-depth security principles, attacks, 
tools and processes) training path consists of 20 modules. To obtain the belt, all these 
modules must be completed. As a minimum, our software engineers working on customer-
facing applications have to complete the white and yellow belt path. Depending on the 
specific roles or types of code being used, our software engineers have to follow additional 
learning paths. For our KPI, we only track the training paths that are applicable to all software 
engineers. In case a belt is completed and the training path changes afterwards, the software 
engineers are still regarded as having successfully completed the training. The program that 
is relevant in assessing whether a software engineer completed the training is the program 
as it was at the time all modules were completed and approved.
The security training is online, and the platform offers dashboard capability that makes it 
possible to track which software engineers have completed their security training. Within 
TomTom, we split roles into software engineering versus non-software engineering roles, as 
administrated in our HR tooling. A software engineer at TomTom is defined as someone who 
designs, develops, tests, or deploys, and manages our software or services. For TomTom, 
software engineers are working in the clusters 'maps' and 'platform products'. For this KPI, we 
only include software engineers who are employed by TomTom. Contractors are excluded.
In order to calculate the percentage of software engineers that completed a white and yellow 
belt training path as per 31 December, we divide the number of software engineers that 
completed both belts by the employed software engineering workforce.
EXTERNAL ASSURANCE
EY has provided limited assurance on the section 'Materiality matrix' as included on page 126 
of the Annual Report 2022, and on TomTom's performance on the KPIs, as listed in the 
'Performance 2022' column in the table on page 126 of the Annual Report 2022. This covers 
the material themes:
• MT1 "Employer of choice"; 
• MT2 "Diversity and inclusion";
• MT4 "CO2 emissions"; and
• MT5 " Security and Data Privacy".
The Limited Assurance report of the independent auditor has been based on and is included 
in the Annual Report 2022. Please refer to page 133 of the Annual Report 2022. 
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 27

Page 29:
EU TAXONOMY ANALYSIS ON TURNOVER
Substantial 
contribution 
criteria
Do no significant harm 
criteria
Economic activities
Codes
Absolute Turnover (€ '000)
Proportion of Turnover
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Water and marine resources
Circular economy
Pollution
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Minimum safeguards
Taxonomy aligned proportion of Turnover, 2022
Taxonomy aligned proportion of Turnover, 2021
Category (enabling category)
Category (transitional activity)
A. Taxonomy eligible
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned) 
(A.1) 0  — %
A.2. Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(non Taxonomy aligned activities)
Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities
Total (A.1 + A.2)
B. Taxonomy non eligible activities 0  — %
Turnover of taxonomy non eligible activities  536,343  100 %
Total (A + B)  536,343  100 %
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 28

Page 30:
EU TAXONOMY ANALYSIS ON CAPEX
Substantial 
contribution 
criteria
Do no significant harm 
criteria
Economic activities
Codes
Absolute CAPEX1 (€ '000)
Proportion of CAPEX
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Water and marine resources
Circular economy
Pollution
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Minimum safeguards
Taxonomy aligned proportion of CAPEX, 2022
Taxonomy aligned proportion of CAPEX, 2021
Category (enabling category)
Category (transitional activity)
A. Taxonomy eligible
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities
Installation, maintenance, and repair of energy efficient equipment
F42, F43, M71, C16, 
C17, C22, C23, C25, 
C27, C28, S95.21, 
S95.22, C33.12 23  0.10 %  100 %  — Y Y Y Y Y Y Y  0.10 %
Installation, maintenance, and repair of charging stations for electric 
vehicles in buildings (and parking spaces attached to buildings)
F42, F43, M71, C16, 
C17, C22, C23, C25, 
C27, C28 22  0.10 %  100 %  — Y Y Y Y Y Y Y  0.10 %
CAPEX of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned) 
(A.1) 45  0.20 %
A.2. Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(non Taxonomy aligned activities) 0  — %
CAPEX of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities 0  — %
Total (A.1 + A.2) 45  0.20 %
B. Taxonomy non eligible activities
Turnover of taxonomy non eligible activities 28,056  99.80 %
Total (A + B) 28,101  100.00 %
1. Absolute CAPEX includes additions to Property, plant and equipment under IAS 16, Intangible assets under IAS 38, as well as additions (including reassessments) to Right-of-use assets under IFRS 16.
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 29

Page 31:
EU TAXONOMY ANALYSIS ON OPEX
Substantial 
contribution 
criteria
Do no significant harm 
criteria
Economic activities
Codes
Absolute OPEX1 (€ '000)
Proportion of OPEX
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaptation
Water and marine resources
Circular economy
Pollution
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Minimum safeguards
Taxonomy aligned proportion of OPEX, 2022
Taxonomy aligned proportion of OPEX, 2021
Category (enabling category)
Category (transitional activity)
A. Taxonomy eligible
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities
Installation, maintenance, and repair of energy efficient equipment
F42, F43, M71, C16, 
C17, C22, C23, C25, 
C27, C28, S95.21, 
S95.22, C33.12 62  0.02 %  100 % Y Y Y Y Y Y Y  0.02 %
OPEX of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned) 
(A.1) 62  0.02 %
A.2. Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(non Taxonomy aligned activities)
OPEX of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities 0  — %
Total (A.1 + A.2) 62  0.02 %
B. Taxonomy non eligible activities
Turnover of taxonomy non eligible activities 363,071  99.98 %
Total (A + B) 363,133  100.00 %
1. Absolute OPEX includes direct non-capitalized costs that relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short-term lease, maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of 
assets of property, plant, and equipment by the undertaking or third party to whom activities are outsourced that are necessary to ensure the continued and effective functioning of such assets.
NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING INFORMATION CONTINUED
TOMTOM NV | ESG REPORT 2022 | PAGE 30

