Page 1:
Protect, 
Promote 
and 
Preserve
SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT 2022

Page 2:
 Contents
 
Transforming Tomorrow 3
1 Who we are 4
Our role in society 7
Value Creation Model 15
Strategy pillars 17
2 Business review 18
 
3 Growing our business sustainably 21
Advancing product safety and compliance 22
Safeguarding product quality 24
Innovating to lead 25
4 Environmentally conscious facilities 30
Adopting an integrated approach to 
environmental management 31
Reducing carbon emissions from our 
operations 33
Limiting the ecological footprint of our 
operations 36
5 Sustainable sourcing 40
Promoting responsible supply chain 41
Reducing Scope 3 emissions 45
6 Safe, engaged and  
responsible workforce 47
Building a zero-harm safety culture 48
Engaging our employees 51
Prioritising leadership and functional 
capabilities development 54
Creating an inclusive and diverse Trivium 56
Reinforcing our responsibility 59
7 Stakeholder engagement 61
Promoting transparency 62
Caring for our communities 65
Inspiring our peers through thought 
leadership 66
8 Corporate governance 69
Legal structure and leadership 70
Risk management 72
Sustainability governance 78
9 About this report 79
Reporting approach and criteria 80
Scope and boundaries 80
Assurance 80
Materiality 81
Stakeholder engagement 85
Glossary 86
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 3:
Mother Nature is sounding the alarm
From major floods to prolonged droughts, and 
even severe hailstorms, extreme weather events 
were once again part of our everyday reality in 
2022. With our climate changing rapidly, the need 
for change is no longer up for debate. The question 
today is how we, as a society, can reduce our 
environmental impact, as far and fast as possible.
We believe Trivium’s rigid metal packaging 
solutions are an important part of the answer. 
Indeed, sustainability is embedded into the heart 
of our business, not least because of metal’s 
intrinsic strengths as an infinitely circular material 
that can protect, promote and preserve a wide 
range of everyday consumer products (for more 
details, watch Michael’s Davos 2023 interview). 
More than that, we are focused on making 
sustainability a foundational pillar of our ongoing 
business transformation.
This collective drive is underpinned by our shared 
purpose: ‘We shape the future of packaging to 
ensure a better planet for everyone – today and for 
generations to come. We contain what matters.  
It is inspiring to see this purpose enacted every day 
through the passion, teamwork and excellence of 
our thousands of colleagues and the many 
impactful initiatives they bring to life.
In this report, we are pleased to present an overview 
of Trivium’s progress in 2022. Among many other 
highlights, we made important strides towards  
our carbon emission reduction goals (page 45), 
submitted our targets for validation by the Science-
Based Targets initiative (page 33), and recorded 
improvements in our workplace health and safety 
metrics (page 48). In particular, we are extremely 
proud to receive a Platinum rating from EcoVadis  
for a second consecutive year (page 62) – an 
achievement that we believe demonstrates our  
ambition to shape the packaging industry. 
As we continue to implement our “Circularity 
Champion” strategy, we will continue to 
transparently share our progress in the years  
to come, including renewable energy initiatives, 
collaborations to reduce the energy consumption 
of metal packaging production and the 
development of even more environmentally 
friendly solutions for environmentally conscious 
consumers. 
 
Of course, we could not and cannot reach our goals 
without you, our stakeholders. We therefore want  
to extend our warmest thanks to all our customers, 
suppliers, industry and academic partners for their 
trust and support in 2022 and beyond, and to all  
 
 
our colleagues at Trivium for their outstanding 
contributions to our continued success. At the 
same time, we continue to welcome opportunities 
to collaborate with like-minded parties in our wider 
value chain.
By standing strong together, we can achieve the 
industry transformation we need – and shape  
a circular, more sustainable future for packaging, 
our planet and its people.
Transforming Tomorrow
Michael Mapes
Chief Executive Officer  
(CEO) 
Jenny Wassenaar
Chief Sustainability Officer 
(CSO)
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 4:
Trivium Packaging B.V. and all its affiliates (altogether 
‘Trivium’), headquartered in Schiphol, the Netherlands, 
is a leading supplier of innovative, value-added, rigid 
metal packaging solutions, designed to benefit the 
products they contain, the people who use them and 
the planet we share. Trivium’s products mainly include 
metal and aluminium containers primarily servicing 
end-use categories, including beauty and personal care, 
beverages, food, home care and industrial, nutrition, 
paints and coatings, pet food, pharmaceuticals, seafood, 
vitamins, supplements and over-the-counter packaging.
Who we are
1
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
4
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 5:
Our locations
Employees
7,246
Nationalities
68
Net sales 
(in $ billion): 3.279
Countries
20
 Plants 51
 Offices  9
 R&D  2
Headquarters:
Schiphol, 
the Netherlands
Locations
62
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
5
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 6:
Aerosols Beverage  
bottles
Threaded  
bottles
Two-piece 
cans
Three-piece  
cans
Draw wall ironing 
(DWI) cans
Draw redraw  
(DRD) cans
Slugs, ends and 
component
Food Seafood Pet Beverages Coffee Health and  
nutrition 
Beauty and  
personal care
Home care and 
industrial 
Paints and  
coatings
Our segments
Passion
Every day we strive to positively impact 
Trivium and society. We aim high and 
we are committed, enthusiastic and 
accountable.
Teamwork
With safety as our first priority, we 
harness the power of collaboration.  
We do this with humility, trust, integrity 
and openness.
Excellence
We aspire to shape our industry 
through world-class performance and 
exceptional value creation for all our 
stakeholders.
Our core values
Our product types
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
6
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 7:
1 CGRI (2022). The Circularity Gap Report,
2 Trivium Packaging (2022). Global Buying Green Report.
Our role in society
The world needs packaging. Products that we buy need protection, food we 
consume needs preserving, and brands we love need to find ways to stand out 
on crowded shelves. Yet, our desire for safety, convenience and differentiation 
should not come at the expense of future generations and their ability to 
sustain themselves. At Trivium, we help companies make the transition towards 
more recyclable packaging. 
How we see the world  
around us
The world consumes 100 billion tonnes of materials 
annually, but only 8.6% is cycled back into our 
economy.
1
  Put differently, over 90% of the 
resources we extract from nature go to waste every 
year. In response, stakeholders from around the 
world are rightfully demanding an alternative to 
today’s throwaway economy. In their calls for a
 more circular future, many have turned to 
packaging for a better way forward. 
Among end consumers, for example, environmental 
awareness and the importance of recyclability is on 
the rise – with consumers showing both a greater 
willingness to pay more for sustainable packaging 
and a strong reluctance to purchase products that 
harm the environment.
2
  
At the same time, tighter regulations on packaging 
are being imposed around the world.  
Within Europe, growing interest among policy-
makers in circular solutions and packaging waste 
reduction has been made abundantly clear  
with the recent publication by the European 
Commission of a proposed regulation on 
packaging and packaging waste (2022/0396 (COD)), 
arguably the most environmentally ambitious 
packaging-focused legislation to date. Similarly, 
growing momentum for Extended Producer 
Responsibility legislation in other regions of  
the world reflects a growing interest among 
policymakers to incentivise the use of readily 
recyclable packaging. 
TRIVIUM PACKAGINGSUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
7
WHO WE ARE

Page 8:
Driven by these developments, consumer 
packaged goods companies are also 
acknowledging the importance of dissociating 
their products from packaging waste. Many brand 
owners are actively seeking packaging with better 
recyclability, reusability and/or reduced material. 
How we create value
At Trivium, we specialise in producing and 
delivering safe, high-quality and innovative metal 
packaging that helps our customers grow their 
businesses and supports their progress towards 
their sustainability goals. Metal is our material of 
choice because it is infinitely recyclable, meaning 
that it has a lower waste footprint than most 
substrates on the market. It is also highly robust 
and versatile, offering superior protection and 
extended product shelf life.
We are on a journey to reduce our environmental 
footprint, in our production sites and throughout 
our value chain. With our value chain partners, we 
create roadmaps and projects with the objective to 
continuously improve and challenge the status 
quo. In this report, you can find plenty of examples 
from our journey. Our purpose is clear: to shape the 
future of packaging to ensure a better planet for  
everyone – today and for generations to come. 
We contain what matters.
Virgin Metals &
Recycled Cans
Metal
Production
Slug & Can
Production
Customers
Disposal &
Recycling
Consumers
Retailers
Our value chain
TRIVIUM PACKAGINGSUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
8
WHO WE ARE

Page 9:
Virgin Metals &
Recycled Cans
Metal
Production
Slug & Can
Production
Customers
Disposal &
Recycling
Consumers
Retailers
What we do
Our metal packaging production processes are at the core of our business, and central to the impact we have on the world around us.  
Here is a glimpse into our production process for two of our main products. 
Steel strip
1
Cutting
2
Lacquering
3
Drying
4
Slitting
5
Rolling
6
Welding
7
Palletisation
13
Air test
12
Beading
11
Seaming
10
Flanging
9
Side seam
lacquering/drying
8
Extrusion
1
Trimming
2
Curing
4
Lacquering
5
Over-varnish
7
Necking
8
Palletisation
10
Printing
6
Washing
3
Bundling
9
Three-piece steel cans
Steel is cut into large sheets (2). One side of the sheet is lacquered (3), to 
protect cans against corrosion and create a safe barrier between the cans’ 
contents and their inner metal walls. After drying (4), sheets are cut (5) 
and rolled into a cylinder (6), and the edges are welded (7). Lacquering is 
then applied again to the inside surface of the weld (8), and it is cured 
(i.e., heated air is blown onto the outside of the cans). Afterwards, the 
welded body can be necked-in, flanged (9), seamed on one of two sides 
(10) and further reinforced and strengthened through a forming 
technique called 'beading' (11). Now the container is ready for filling. 
Finally, all cans are pressure tested (12) and then palletised (13).
Aluminium aerosols
The production process for aerosol cans starts with applying a large force on 
an aluminum disc or "slug" to extrude the base shape (1). The parts are 
subsequently trimmed to specified lengths (2), washed in alkaline-based 
detergent washing chambers (3) and dried in an oven (4). To protect against 
corrosion – and to remove the possibility of interaction between the packaging 
and its contents – a protective lacquer is used to line the interior of the cans 
(5). Advanced lithography techniques are then applied to give cans a 
differentiated, premium look and feel (6). This includes the application of 
stain-resistant surface coating, decorative prints and over-varnish (7) protecting 
the print surface. Finally, a neckdown process forms the shoulder and neck of 
the can (8). After this, cans are ready to be bundled (9), palletised (10) and 
shipped to customers.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
9
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 10:
1 World Food Programme (2020). 5 facts about food waste and hunger.   2 Trivium Packaging (2022). Global Buying Green Report.    
3 Metal Packaging Europe. Metal recycles forever.   4 International Aluminium Institute (2022). Aluminium beverage can study. Global Recycling Magazine (2021). The global metal recycling market.
100%
3
  
infinitely recyclable  
enabling true circularity
80%
3
  
of all metal ever 
produced is still in use  
and will stay for 
generations to come
60-70%
4
  
of metal packaging  
is recycled globally  
making it one of the 
most highly recycled 
materials around  
in the world 
70-95%
3
  
energy savings  
by recycling metal scrap 
instead of using virgin 
raw materials
Why metal?
Protect
Metal is among the world's most durable 
packaging materials, offering resilient protection 
and keeping contents safe from external 
elements. It provides a strong barrier against  
UV and oxygen, enabling a long shelf life and 
reducing product waste– a crucial benefit 
considering that up to one-third of total global 
food production goes to waste each year.
1
Promote
Promote. Metal packaging provides greater 
opportunities for brands looking to differentiate 
their product. Research shows that consumers 
naturally associate metal packaging with a 
“premium” look and feel relative to other 
materials.
2
Preserve
Preserve. Metal is the material of choice for a 
circular economy.  It can be recycled forever, 
meaning that it remains in the loop and reduces 
the need for virgin materials. Metal packaging 
also has one of the highest recycling rates in the 
world compared to other packaging materials.
3
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
10
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 11:
Our ambition is to help as many businesses as 
possible to make the transition to metal packaging, 
thereby contributing to more circular value chains 
across the segments we serve. We do so by 
collaborating closely with existing customers to 
incorporate more metal packaging in their product 
portfolios (read about our collaboration with 
California Olive Ranch below). We also seek to 
identify growth areas for metal packaging in new 
markets – for instance by converting single-use 
plastic to infinitely recyclable metal (read about our 
collaboration with Ocean52 on the next page). 
Both processes typically involve a series of 
innovation sessions with the brand owner, in which 
we make the case for sustainability, share our 
passion for metal packaging and discuss a range  
of innovative ideas, specific to the customer’s – or 
prospect’s – portfolio.
When trendy is  
also sustainable
Smart packaging helps brands stand out  
on crowded shelves but not at the expense  
of the environment. 
Leading olive oil producer California Olive Ranch 
(COR) has a long track record of challenging 
convention to change its industry for the better. 
More than 20 years ago, it revolutionised olive 
growing practices and helped establish the 
California standard for olive oil (EVOO), one of  
the strictest standards in the world. 
Building on this rich tradition, COR wanted to take 
its commercial offering to a new level by seeking 
out premium, sleek and differentiated packaging 
with a strong sustainability profile – and that is 
where Trivium came in. Trivium provided COR with 
aluminium bottles with a customised neck finish. 
The bottles use a clear base coat to reveal the 
beautiful underlying substrate of clear brushed 
aluminium, which serves as a reminder to 
consumers that they are opting for infinitely 
recyclable packaging and further demonstrates 
COR’s commitment to sustainability. Due to its 
robustness, metal packaging is also less susceptible 
to breakage, leading to improved processability 
and line uptime during the filling phase. 
Importantly, aluminium bottles are an excellent 
barrier to sunlight and moisture, the two primary 
drivers of premature quality degradation in food 
and edible oils. Such exceptional barrier qualities 
contrast with those of materials such as glass and 
plastic, which are generally more permeable to 
light and moisture, and that in turn can have an 
impact on the colour and quality of the oils.
“ The aluminium bottle we developed together with Trivium came with any typical new bottle 
challenges, but with Trivium’s top-notch Quality and R&D team in full support of troubleshooting 
we knew we would make things work. Trivium provided us with lots of information in advance, 
test bottles, and plenty of support to get a bottle that works flawlessly. We are very pleased with 
the improved functionality, recyclability and aesthetic appearance of our bottles and look forward 
to their commercial success as we start seeing them on shelves now” 
Mary Mori Vice President of Quality and Product at California Olive Ranch
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
11
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 12:
Ocean52 - No Plastic Water 
Every year, 12 million tonnes of plastic are 
dumped into the ocean. At current rates, we can 
expect plastic to outweigh fish in our waters by 
2050. For a group of ocean-passionate individuals, 
this scenario is unthinkable. Armed with advanced 
marine knowledge and a determination to avoid 
business as usual, Ocean52 was born. 
Ocean52 is the world’s first beverage company that 
devotes 52% of its profits to ocean protection. “We 
believe in a simple thesis”, says Santi Mier, 
Ocean52’s CEO-founder. “The more you know 
about the ocean, the more you love it. And the 
more you love the ocean, the more you want to 
protect it.” That’s why Ocean52 dedicates a 
significant amount of its time and resources on 
designing, creating, and raising awareness on 
solutions that serve to protect our oceans. 
Ocean52’s dedication to the ocean is synonymous 
with its dedication to fighting plastic waste. “Our 
approach is to trace the origins of plastic waste and 
find ways to eliminate it at the source”, explains 
Santi. “On-the-go packaging is a key contributor to 
the waste that ends up in the ocean, and it was 
clear to us from the outset that one of the ways we 
can make the biggest and, importantly, most 
immediate impact to ocean conservation is by 
“ Our new aluminium bottles are the perfect example of 
packaging that can be convenient, robust and fully in line 
with a truly circular, no-waste economy. Trivium has been 
a true partner in our fight against plastic waste. Not only 
have they provided us with high-quality, well-designed 
packaging, but they have also served as thought partners 
on sustainability, transparently sharing data and working 
with us on carefully assessing the environmental impact 
of our solutions.”
The more you 
love, the more 
you protect
SPOTLIGHT
Santi Mier CEO and founder of Ocean52
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
12
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 13:
introducing more sustainable packaging 
alternatives for nomad consumption”.
In 2019, Ocean52 introduced ‘No Plastic Water’, 
premium quality natural mineral water sourced 
from the Galea spring in Asturias and packaged in 
aluminium cans. With its rigid structure and 
excellent barrier qualities, aluminium packaging 
offers superior product protection while boasting 
the highest recycling rates among all beverage 
containers.  Aluminium is eternally recyclable: it 
can be recycled over and over again without losing 
quality, and every recycled can requires 95% less 
energy to make than a new one.
1
Encouraged by the great customer response to its 
cans, Ocean52 worked with Trivium to create a new 
premium line for their products. Just four months 
after floating the idea, the ‘No Plastic Water’ 
aluminium bottle was introduced. The bottle 
boasts the sustainability credentials of aluminium 
packaging but also has a refreshing sleek look that 
immediately catches the eye. Importantly, the 
bottles are re-closeable meaning that they can be 
refilled and reused multiple times. When they are 
finally discarded, they can be recycled endlessly. 
In addition to directly contributing to plastic waste 
reduction, 52% of the profits from the sale of No 
Plastic Water aluminium bottles – as with all 
Ocean52 products – will be used to fund ocean 
conservation activities such as beach clean-ups, 
youth educational programmes, and various 
circularity and recycling initiatives. With No Plastic 
Water, customers are therefore directly contributing 
to plastic waste reduction (Ocean52 products have 
replaced three million plastic bottles since 2018) 
and the preservation of marine biodiversity. At 
Trivium, we are proud to support Ocean52 on their 
quest to make such a positive impact.
“ This collaboration helps to highlight the key elements of the aluminium bottle: its 
sustainability credentials, refillability and also convenience as it is re-closeable. My 
journey with Santi and Ocean52 started many years ago at a sustainability 
conference at Cambridge University and we are delighted to now have No Plastic 
Water in Trivium bottles, which reflects both companies’ commitment to 
sustainability and to helping the bottled water market change step by step”.
1 International Aluminium Institute. Sustainability.
SPOTLIGHT
Santi Mier (left) and Greg Mucha celebrate the launch 
of No Plastic Water aluminium bottles at the Radikal 
Ocean52 swim event in Calella de Palafrugell, Spain.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
13
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
Greg Mucha Trivium Sales Director Beverage Europe
WHO WE ARE

Page 14:
At the same time, we recognise our business 
touches hundreds of millions of people around the 
world, thanks to the more than 100 million metal 
packaging items we produce every day. Our actual 
and potential impact on society, therefore, reaches 
far beyond our customers, and our aspiration is to 
create exceptional value for all stakeholders 
connected to our business.
To highlight and assess our impact on stakeholders, 
in 2021 we developed and published our first value 
creation model. The model is based on the six 
capitals model developed by the Value Reporting 
Foundation (formerly the International Integrated 
Reporting Council (IIRC)). It illustrates how we are 
able to use our assets to create societal impact that 
is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UN SDGs).  
1
Our vision focuses on the commercial side of our 
business, while our shared purpose connects and 
aligns our commercial goals with our social 
responsibility. By shaping the future of packaging, 
we need to be a reliable partner that delivers, and 
we will grow as a result.
2
Our values represent what we stand for, guide the 
way we do business, and underpin our activities, 
decisions and organisational culture. They allow us 
to deliver on our commitments to our customers, 
partners, suppliers, and stakeholders, and help 
promote ethical corporate behaviour within our 
organisation and towards third parties.
3
TBS enables us to consistently apply standardised 
best-in-class practices across all our plants and 
functions so that our customers get reliable and 
predictable quality and service from Trivium 
regardless of which entity they deal with.
This value creation process is driven by three levers:
Our vision
To be the global leader in metal 
packaging
Our shared purpose
We shape the future of packaging to 
ensure a better planet for everyone 
today and for generations to come. 
We contain what matters. 
Our core values
Passion 
Teamwork  
Excellence
 
Our standardised approach  
to doing business
Trivium Business System (TBS) 
 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
14
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 15:
Value Creation ModelTrivium Value Creation Model – Insights
Assets 
Materials
100% infi  nitely recyclable metal 
in all products
Partnerships for circularity
Protection of products
Preservation of 
the environment
Promotion of responsible 
and inclusive growth
Engaging with stakeholders on 
collaborations that inspire 
transformational climate change 
and the transition to a circular 
economy
Preserving product integrity 
and extending shelf life
Limiting the environmental and
ecological footprint of our
operations and value chain
Fostering safe and empowering
work environments that enable
professional and organisational
growth
We help our customers
grow their brands, stand
out on shelves and realise
their sustainability
ambitions through our
metal packaging solutions 
We aim to create long -
-term shareholder value 
that 
does not undermine
future generations’ ability
to sustain themselves
We aspire to enrich end
consumers’ lives by
enclosing their products
in safe, well-designed and
protective packaging
We seek to empower the
industry to elevate the
profi  le and sustainability
standards of metal 
packaging
We challenge our suppliers 
to continuously enhance 
the sustain ability of metal
We aim to help our
employees reach a sense
of meaning, fulfi  llment
and purpose
We work towards the
prosperity of the
communities we operate 
in through development 
and partnership 
opportunities
Business Model Output Stakeholder Value
Customer
Partner of choice
Planet
Care for climate
People
Force for good
  Growing our business 
sustainably
 Environmentally conscious 
facilities
 Sustainable sourcing
  Safe, engaged and 
responsible workforce
  Sustainability leadership 
through stakeholder 
engagement
Our shared purpose 
We shape the future of packaging to 
ensure a better planet for everyone – 
today and for generations to come
WE CONTAIN WHAT MATTERS
Comm ercial Operational
Procurem
ent
Supply Chain
Adm
inistrative 
Standardisation 
of Excellence
Trvium  Business System
Societal Impact
Our vision  
To be the global leader in metal 
packaging
Passion Teamwork Excellence
Our core values
Trivium Business System
Global platform 
Well-invested asset base with 
over 60 locations in Europe, 
Africa, Asia and the Americas
Engaged workforce
One global team of over 7,000
employees representing more
than 60 nationalities
Diversifi  ed portfolio
9 different product segments
generating substantial cash
fl  ow on an annual basis
Innovation leadership 
Over 90 R&D scientists 
underlying award-winning 
product and process 
innovations
Organisational culture
Start-up agility combined with
a rich legacy of more than 100
years of packaging excellence
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
15
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 16:
How we approach 
sustainability
'Circularity Champion' is our overarching strategy  
to transform Trivium into the partner of choice for 
quality and sustainable packaging. Launched in 
2020, our strategy consists of three pillars that 
reflect our organisational priorities: customer, 
planet and people. Within each of our three pillars, 
we have identified priority areas based on a 
materiality assessment. These areas are aligned 
with the UN SDGs that we feel are most relevant  
to our business and are further associated with 
concrete key performance indicators (KPIs) and 
targets that we aim to achieve by or before 2030. 
In 2022, we conducted a new materiality 
assessment to assess the extent to which our 
previously identified material topics in 2020 were 
still material in terms of impact. These are topics 
that (can) significantly influence our organisation 
and its performance, and/or topics which our 
organisation (can) significantly impact with its 
activities (see page 81) for a more detailed 
description). As a result of this assessment, 
we refined our strategic and reporting focus for 
2022 with a view to accelerate our societal impact 
in the future. Specifically, we introduced some 
changes to our strategy and added four new  
KPIs and their associated targets. These new  
KPIs are highlighted in the table below and our 
performance on them, along with the rest of our 
KPIs, are described more extensively later in this 
report.
“ My role as plant controller is to assess plant initiatives and projects against several criteria, including risks, 
costs, and anticipated (environmental) benefits. Sometimes external developments can help reduce some  
of the trade-offs between these criteria and streamline the investment process. Last year’s energy crisis, for 
example, brought challenges to our business, but it also accelerated our plant’s commitment to invest in 
energy-saving initiatives such as increasing the efficiency of our printing lines and reducing the energy 
consumption of our air compression system. These initiatives will help us to reduce our operational costs 
and minimize our environmental impact, thereby supporting both our business and sustainability agendas.” 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
16
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE
Abdel Aziz Derme Trivium Plant Controller, La Fleche

Page 17:
Pillar Focus SDGs Sub-pillar KPIs 2020 2021 2022 Target
Target 
year
Customer-
Partner  
of choice
The sustainable growth of 
our business through the 
production and delivery 
of safe and innovative 
packaging that exceeds 
our partners’ expectations. 
Our aspiration is to support 
more brand owners 
in swapping the less 
sustainable packaging in 
their product portfolios 
with our metal packaging 
solutions.
Product safety # incidents of non-compliance with regulations concerning 
the health and safety impacts of our products [NEW]
N/A N/A 0 0 N/A
% significant product categories assessed for health and 
safety impacts [NEW]
N/A N/A 100% 100% N/A
Product quality % plants with a top-rated quality management system [NEW] N/A N/A 88% 100% 2030
Product eco-design % new product developments that meet eco-design criteria N/A 61% 65% 80% 2030
% sales revenue from eco-designed products N/A N/A 16% 50% 2030
Product information Fully automated and readily accessible product compliance 
information portal available
N/A On
track
On
track
Full
implemen-
tation
2024
Planet-
Care for
climate
A less wasteful, more 
sustainable future 
through continuous 
process optimisation, 
environmental 
management and 
responsible business 
practices. Our aim is to  
make our operations and 
supply chain as ethical, 
ecological and efficient 
as possible.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions % reduction in Scope 1 and 2 CO 2 emissions vs 2020 baseline 2 N/A -3.2% -10.2%
(-7.3%)
-42% 2030
Renewable electricity % total electricity consumed from renewable sources N/A 29% 29% 100% 2030
Water withdrawal1 % reduction in water withdrawals vs 2020 baseline 2 N/A -1.5% -1.2%
(+0.3%)
-10% 2030
Waste % total waste generated that is sent to landfill 23% 18% 14% 0% 2030
Supplier ESG % total purchase spend allocated to suppliers with average or 
above-average ESG performance
N/A 48% 61% 70% 2030
Scope 3 emissions % reduction in Scope 3 CO2 emissions vs 2020 baseline 2 N/A -7.1% -11.%
(-4.7%)
-25% 2030
People-
Force  
for good
Being a force for good in 
all the areas in which we 
operate. Our aim is to nurture 
a work environment in which 
our employees feel safe, 
engaged, and responsible, 
and to work with local and 
global stakeholders on 
collaborative engagements 
that inspire and promote 
the greater good.
Workplace health  
and safety
Total Recordable Accident Rate (TRAR) per 100 FTE/year 1.14 1.51 1.30 0.85 2025
Employee engagement Organistional Health index (OHI) quartile score 3rd 3rd 2nd 1st 2025
Leadership and functional
capabilities development
% workforce who receive regular performance and career 
development reviews  [NEW]
N/A 14% 16% 75% 2030
Inclusion and diversity
(I&D)
Company-wide I&D programme implemented N/A On
track
On
track
Full
implemen-
tation
2025
Transparency # world-class scores on major external sustainability 
ratings per year
1 2 2 2 N/A
Community engagement % locations participating in at least one community 
engagement project per year
90% 100% 100% 100% 2025
Thought leadership # open access knowledge documents published per year 2 2 2 2 N/A
1 Formerly reported as “water consumption”
2 Cumulative progress vs baseline (year-on-year change in parenthesis)
Strategy pillars
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
17
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
WHO WE ARE

Page 18:
Despite uncertain market conditions, we successfully 
delivered our performance impact goal in 2022. We 
closed the year with a stronger financial performance 
than 2021 owing to the continued dedication of our 
teams towards the factors we could control.
2
Business 
review 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
18
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 19:
Global economic headwinds caused by, among 
others, the Russia-Ukraine conflict (see boxout), 
high inflation levels, decline in the Euro/Dollar 
exchange rates and rising interest rates throughout 
the year were key challenge areas during 2022. 
In addition, some of our end-markets faced difficult 
conditions due to events like the historical drought1 
in Europe during the summer as well as global 
supply chain challenges and labour shortages. 
These challenges impacted year-on-year volumes 
and related efficiencies within some of our 
business units. 
Nevertheless, 2022 saw a particularly strong 
performance by both our purchasing and 
commercial teams, which helped to protect our 
margins in the face of volatile supply market 
conditions in Europe and in the Americas. 
1 BBC (2022). Europe's drought the worst in 500 years- report . 
Our products continued to shine on the world 
stage in 2022, receiving a total of 10 awards from 
industry associations covering pet food, beverage, 
and health and beauty. Products with a reduced 
environmental footprint are increasingly well 
positioned through our eco-design approach to 
offer metal packaging solutions that address this 
demand.
In 2022, we were also awarded Platinum status by 
EcoVadis for the second year in a row. The rating 
agency reviewed over 100,000 companies globally 
and the Platinum rating, whose threshold 
increased from last year, is only given to the top 1% 
of the rated companies. This achievement validates 
our strong sustainability strategy and performance. 
Our over 7,200 employees continue to focus on 
what we can influence, through delivering on our 
transformation agenda. The transformation is 
driven through our Trivium Business System 
approach whereby we focus on continuous value 
creation, including standardizing tools, processes 
and capabilities.
“ Market challenges seem to be the new normal but despite this we believe our operational performance 
outlook continues to be positive on the back of continued demand and regulation favouring sustainability-
friendly products as well realisation of continued benefits from our transformation programme.” 
Russia-Ukraine conflict
Trivium has been impacted by the ongoing 
Russia-Ukraine conflict as a result of having 
operations in both countries at the start of the 
conflict (two plants situated in Ukraine and 
one plant in Russia). Trivium has subsequently 
sold its sole operating plant in Russia during 
the second quarter of 2022, whilst the two 
plants in Ukraine continue to operate on a 
relatively normal level. In aggregate, the 
Ukraine operations contribute less than 1%  
of Trivium's performance.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
19
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
BUSINESS REVIEW
Stefan Siebert Trivium Chief Financial Officer

Page 20:
(in $ millions, except percentages)
Year ended
December 31, 
2022 
Year ended
December 31, 
2021
Income statement data
Revenue  3,279 2,757
Adjusted EBITDA
1
604 451
Profit/(loss) for the year 18 (129)
Performance ratios
Adjusted EBITDA margin 18.4% 16.4%
Leverage ratio
2
4.4x 6.0x
Balance sheet data
Cash, cash equivalents and other financial assets  179  215
Total assets  5,165  5,280
Total equity  689  679
Net debt
3
 2,652  2,718
Capital expenditure
4
145  94
1  Adjusted EBITDA consists of profit or loss for the year before income tax expense, depreciation and 
amortisation expense, exceptional operating expense items, finance expense, (loss)/gain on disposal of PPE 
and service costs of the long-term performance-based plan.
2  Leverage ratio is calculated as Net debt divided by Adjusted EBITDA.
3  Net debt is comprised of our total indebtedness, net of cash, cash equivalents and other financial assets and 
derivative financial instruments used to hedge foreign currency and interest rate risk.
4  Capital expenditure is the sum of purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of 
proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment, as per the consolidated statement of cash flows 
within the Report to Bondholders as at December 31, 2022.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
20
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
BUSINESS REVIEW

Page 21:
Customer
Our customers expect us to provide them with safe, 
high-quality, innovative and sustainable packaging 
solutions that protect and contain what matters. 
Meeting and exceeding these expectations is key to  
the growth of our business and the prosperity of our 
customers, planet and people. In 2022, we reinforced 
our position as our customers’ partner of choice by 
upholding rigorous product safety safeguards, setting  
a new benchmark for product quality, and introducing 
award-winning innovations to the market.
3
Growing  
our business 
 sustainably
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
21
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 22:
Advancing product safety  
and compliance
By choosing our metal packaging solutions, brand owners are entrusting 
us with the superior protection of their products. It is imperative that we 
strive to bring packaging to the market that complies with the relevant 
product safety regulations. We therefore implement operational controls 
and adequately disclose product information to our customers to 
streamline regulatory compliance procedures. 
Product stewardship
Product stewardship sits at the heart of our 
management of product safety at Trivium. First,  
we take steps to verify that the raw materials we 
use to manufacture our packaging are safe for  
their intended (food or non-food) purposes. Our 
product stewardship is in place to avoid non-
compliance of the raw materials with relevant and 
material regulations in the regions where we 
operate (such as the Food and Drug Administration 
in the United States and the European Food Safety 
Authority in the European Union). We require our 
suppliers to provide us with relevant compliance 
documentation, and to update this documentation 
as and when there are any changes to the 
formulations or compositions of the materials  
we procure. 
Our second set of internal controls relates to quality 
safeguards across our own operations. All Trivium 
plants have a third-party certified quality 
management system in place with the purpose  
of safeguarding compliance (see page 24). 
To further reinforce our efforts to prevent non-
compliance with product safety regulations, we 
introduced two new KPIs and targets in 2022. 
The first measures the number of incidents of 
non-compliance with food contact material 
regulations and good manufacturing practice 
regulations concerning product-related health and 
safety impacts, resulting in fines or official warnings 
by authorities. In 2022, we successfully met our 
target of zero such incidents.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
22
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Customer

Page 23:
The second KPI measures the percentage of 
significant product and service categories for which 
product-related health and safety impacts are 
assessed. Suppliers provide us with a Declaration  
of Compliance for the relevant and material 
regulations concerning the raw materials they 
supply. Regarding direct food contact raw 
materials, the supplier Declaration of Compliance  
is based on a full evaluation done by a third-party 
accredited laboratory to validate the compositional 
and migration-testing compliance. Similarly, in line 
with their quality management system certification 
requirements, our plants conduct annual product 
quality and safety reviews. As such, we have 
successfully met our second product quality target 
of 2022: 100% of significant product categories 
assessed for health and safety impacts. 
Declaration of Compliance
Our approach to product safety extends to how we 
communicate about it with our customers. Our aim 
is to offer our customers transparency around our 
products and processes so that they can 
confidently verify our compliance with relevant 
product safety regulations. 
 
We provide our customers with Declarations of 
Compliance for their products upon request. 
We are currently creating an online portal that will 
streamline the compliance process and enable 
customers to quickly collect the relevant regulatory 
information they need for their products. In 2022, 
we successfully completed a trial for the 
automated compliance tool that will underpin this 
portal, and we remain on track to launch the portal 
in 2024.
In parallel, we seek to provide our customers with 
guidance on product safety and associated 
regulatory and compliance issues. For example, in 
2022, our Customer Technical Service (CTS) teams 
in North America launched new guidance on 
double-seaming integrity, thereby helping 
customers who receive our packaging maintain 
product safety during the filling phase. Within our 
Europe, Africa, Asia (EAA) division, we provided 
trainings to our CTS teams to equip them with the 
latest knowledge on legislative developments 
regarding product safety so that they can answer 
customers’ compliance-related queries and, where 
relevant, provide customers with guidance on 
technical issues that they might face. 
“ Making comprehensive product information easily accessible is at the heart of our efforts to demonstrate 
transparency towards our customers and support them in compliance documentation. In 2022, we issued  
a total of 1,648 product safety and compliance documents for our customers.” 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
23
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Hélène Germon Trivium Product Stewardship Manager
Customer

Page 24:
Safeguarding product quality
Product quality is closely linked to product safety. In our operations, product 
quality means having the right culture, systems and procedures in place to 
enable us to consistently deliver products that meet customer and regulatory 
requirements. This year, following the emergence of product quality as a new 
material topic, we are aiming higher by setting a new quality-related target.   
Top rated quality  
management systems
Within Trivium, all plants have a third-party certified 
quality management system. For our plants that 
produce food packaging, 100% have a quality 
management system with a Global Food Safety 
Initiative-approved BRC certificate (an 
internationally recognised benchmark for best 
practice in food safety, quality and responsibility). 
All our other plants have an ISO 22000-, 22715- or 
9001-certified quality management system. 
The results of our recent materiality assessment  
(p. 83) indicated that stakeholders care deeply and 
hold high expectations of Trivium regarding the 
quality of our products. These findings motivated 
us to set a new, ambitious KPI and target in 2022  
to measure our product quality improvement 
journey.
Our new KPI relates to the percentage of Trivium 
plants with a top-rated certified quality 
management system in place. We define a top 
rating as AA or A+ for BRC certification and/or ‘no 
major findings/non-conformities’ for ISO 
certification. Our target is to achieve 100% by 2030. 
By setting this target, we aim to go beyond the 
presence of quality management systems and 
further strengthen the implementation of these 
systems. Since these quality systems additionally 
support our product safety objectives, we see them 
as an integral part of our overall operational 
strategy. 
In 2022, 88% of all Trivium plants had a top-rated 
quality management system. Meanwhile, we 
continued to roll out our new web-based Statistical 
Process Control system in our European and North 
America Food business units, helping to improve 
and standardise process control. Our quality 
awareness campaign and newsletter, as well as our 
dedicated taskforces, continued to drive quality 
improvements throughout the year. In 2023 and 
beyond, we will continue these efforts to further 
enhance our quality-related performance and 
reach our target of 100% top-rated quality 
management systems.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
24
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Customer

Page 25:
Innovating to lead
Our role as a leader in shaping a positive future for metal packaging depends 
on our position at the forefront of technical and sustainable innovation.  
To realise our ambition of becoming the partner of choice in our industry, we 
provide our customers with new, tailored solutions, using the latest approaches 
and technologies.
Smart partnerships
We are committed to offering customers best-in-
class metal packaging solutions that help 
consumers enjoy their products in a safe, 
comfortable, convenient and environmentally 
friendly way. This requires a continuous focus on 
innovation. We recognise, however, that we are just 
one link in our value chain and believe that the 
different players in our ecosystem can and should 
take every opportunity to learn from one another. 
To support and enable this, more than 90 scientists 
across Trivium’s two R&D centres, as well as cross-
functional commercial and operational colleagues, 
proactively collaborate with customers, suppliers 
and research institutes to develop one-of-a-kind 
packaging solutions with technical and sustainable 
excellence at their core.
We work closely with our customers to come up 
with new ideas that address key market 
opportunities. This close collaboration takes the 
form of an open and ongoing dialogue with our 
customers throughout the year and is often 
supplemented with innovation and sustainability 
sessions. During these sessions, we listen to our 
customers' packaging challenges and wishes, share 
new ideas for new packaging options based on 
their existing product portfolio and help them to 
identify key growth opportunities in their market 
segments. According to customer needs, we can 
follow up on these collaborative sessions with 
customised, industry-leading innovations that 
advance their objectives. We accelerated our work 
on closure technology, including direct seals and 
more consumer-friendly easy-open ends. 
Our innovative collaborations also extend to our 
raw material and equipment suppliers. In 2022, we 
worked closely with our steel suppliers on higher 
quality steel grades for some of our ends; with our 
aluminium suppliers on ways to adapt our 
manufacturing processes to suit new aluminium 
alloys with higher recycled content; and with our 
coating suppliers on preparing for compliance to 
upcoming regulations on product safety and food 
contact, such as bisphenol A (BPA) and per- and 
polyfluorinated substances (PFAS). In addition, we 
collaborated with our equipment suppliers on new 
metal-forming opportunities for some of our 
products, such as bottles, and on energy 
consumption reduction opportunities for our 
processes. Through these partnerships, we aim to 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
25
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Customer

Page 26:
become the driving force behind the metal 
packaging industry’s evolution towards technical 
excellence.
As we strive to advance our product innovation, we 
also look to develop academic partnerships and 
pursue knowledge-sharing collaborations with 
institutions in Europe and the USA. In 2022, for 
example, we successfully completed a project with 
the University of Twente (the Netherlands) on 
determining the fundamental causes of lacquer 
damage on tinplate. In France, we cooperated with 
national standardisation association AFNOR on 
filing a new standard related to the 
microwaveability of metal and alloy articles in 
contact with food (‘Evaluation d’aptitude au 
chauffage par micro-ondes des articles en métal et 
alliage au contact de denrées alimentaires NF-D21-
314’) that was published in January 2023. In the 
years to come, we aim to increase such 
collaborations to accelerate our product innovation 
and explore issues that represent both 
opportunities and challenges to our industry.
Product Innovation Awards in 2022
1.  WorldStar Packaging Awards for the Bubble Tree Refillable Bubble 
System bottle and the Peel Off End with a QR code.
2.  PAC Global Best in Class Award for Technical Design for  
the Bubble Tree Refillable Bubble System bottle.
3.  CanTech Award for the Titus seafood can
4.  CanTech Award for the Sandara wine bottle.
5.  The International Organisation of Aluminium Aerosol Container 
Manufacturers (AEROBAL) award for the Rexona aerosol bottle in 
the ‘Can Already on the Market’ category.
6.  Grandes Cases de Embalagem Competition recognises  
Trivium for its aluminium bottle for BEG Boutique Distillery.
7.  Canmaker Can of the Year for Low Ka Kombucha bottle (Gold)
8.  Canmaker Can of the Year for Bravo Sierra sulphate free  
body-wash bottle (Silver), 
9.  Canmaker Can of the Year for Doothie can (Bronze).
10.  Better World Award recognises Trivium for its refillable  
aluminium bottle for Boticario (Arbo brand) men’s cologne.
“ Our ongoing focus on 
customer-driven innovation 
and excellence, and a 
commitment to smart 
partnerships across the value 
chain has made 2022 a strong 
year for innovation at Trivium. 
In 2022, we conducted more 
than 60 customer innovation 
sessions globally, with further 
sessions scheduled for 2023. 
We are also proud to have 
continued our strong tradition 
of award-winning technical 
and sustainable innovation, 
receiving 10 awards across  
a range of categories and 
geographies.”  
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
26
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Jean-Luc Keravec   
Trivium VP Group R&D
Customer

Page 27:
Product eco-design
Sustainability is at the heart of all we do, making us 
the natural partner for up- and downstream 
businesses aiming to achieve ambitious 
sustainability goals through our metal packaging 
solutions. However, we do not rely on metal alone 
– which has inherent environmental benefits as an 
infinitely recyclable material – to do the hard work 
for us. We are constantly working to improve its 
green credentials, thanks to initiatives such as the 
eco-design tool we introduced in 2021. See Trivium 
Packaging Sustainability Report 2021, page 35.
Our eco-design tool sets out nine sustainability 
criteria, determining a rating for each of our 
product designs and developments. This enables 
us to benchmark the environmental profiles of new 
packaging solutions against existing version on the 
market today.
In 2022, we focused on three eco-design criteria in 
particular: light-weighting, recycled content, and 
carbon footprint reduction. We continued our 
product light-weighting journey, for example, by 
introducing the next-generation of downgauged 
easy open ends (read about our collaboration with 
Conserve Italia on the next page). Recycled 
content, meanwhile, was a particularly strong area 
of focus in our partnerships with customers in the 
beauty industry, thanks to growing consumer 
pressure in this market segment. During the year, 
we worked with our aluminium suppliers on 
developing aerosol cans with higher levels of 
recycled content. As exciting as such progress is, 
the shift will not happen overnight as the quality, 
durability and technical requirements of our 
products still have to be met. Nevertheless, we are 
starting to see important R&D projects such as this 
being translated into commercial products. 
Finally, we continued collaborations with 
customers, suppliers, and logistics providers that 
aim to significantly reduce carbon emissions across 
the value chain (read about our collaboration with 
ArcelorMittal on page 45) with a view to passing 
on these reductions to our customers in the form 
of lower carbon packaging. 
To reinforce our commitment to eco-design and 
innovation, we have two associated targets that we 
aim to achieve. First, we aim to have 80% of our 
new product developments meet our eco-design 
standard by 2030. Setting this target empowers our 
R&D teams to prioritise sustainability in their 
innovation efforts. 
Eco-design: our nine key criteria
 ■ Light-weighting
 ■ Refill, reuse and reclosure functionality
 ■ Recycled content
 ■ Recyclability
 ■ Chemical boundaries reduction
 ■ Carbon footprint reduction
 ■ Water consumption reduction
 ■ Waste reduction
 ■ Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) 
emission reduction
New product developments that meet 
eco-design criteria
Eco-Design
2022 65% Target 2030 80%
2021 61%
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
27
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
Customer

Page 28:
A new product meets our eco-design standard if,  
in addition to being produced with infinitely 
recyclable materials, it meets one of the nine 
identified criteria and generates an overall score 
that is higher than the incumbent product. In 2022, 
65% of all new product developments met this 
standard (up from 61% in 2021). Our eco-design 
standard is intended to be in line with the 
upcoming requirements of the Ecodesign for 
Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR), which was 
published on 30 March 2022. The proposal builds 
on the existing Ecodesign Directive, which has  
a limited product scope and a focus on energy.  
The ESPR aims to cover the 'broadest possible 
range of products' with more diverse Ecodesign 
criteria. At Trivium, we are monitoring the impact  
of this regulation on our products and our eco-
design tool.  
Second, in line with our ambition to grow our 
business sustainably, we aim for 50% of our 
revenue to come from products that meet our 
eco-design criteria by 2030. In 2021,  
we calculated that 25% of our sales revenue  
came from eco-designed products, based on  
a preliminary review of our 100 best-selling 
products. In 2022, we expanded our review to 
include all of our products: 16% of our revenue 
came from products that met our eco-design 
standard. In the future, we will continue to work 
towards our target of 50% by, among other things, 
taking every opportunity to address the subject of 
sustainable packaging in our innovation sessions 
with customers.
The world’s lightest  
Easy Open Ends
As raw materials are responsible for a significant 
part of our environmental impact, light-weighting 
(or downgauging) is an important criterion within 
our eco-design framework.
Through light-weighting, we aim to retain the 
durability and strength of a product or component 
while reducing the total amount of material used  
in its production. The environmental benefits are 
clear: owing to the associated reduction in raw 
material and transport-based carbon emissions, 
our customers receive highly protective and robust 
packaging with a lower carbon footprint. 
Easy Open Ends (EOE), one of the main closures we 
use for our cans, are an important focus area for 
our light-weighting efforts. In 2008, we were the 
first company in Europe to introduce the 
downgauged 0.18 mm Ø73 mm EOE to the 
market, at a time when 0.21 mm was the standard. 
Since then, our R&D teams have worked tirelessly 
on finding ways to bring about further 
downgauging, with the aim of setting a new 
standard for eco-designed ends. 
In September 2022, we introduced the next 
generation EOE to the market. The 0.16 mm  
Ø73 mm EOE is the world’s lightest end of its kind 
and represents a significant step in can-making 
technology. Since its launch, we have produced  
a total of 300 million of these new generation ends, 
with sustainability-driven customers such as 
Conserve Italia being among the first set of 
customers to shift to this new lighter closure.  
As more brand owners look to us for innovative, 
sustainable packaging solutions, we plan to 
continue the roll-out of these new ends among  
our broader customer base.
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
28
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202228
INNOVATE TO LEAD GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
28
Customer

Page 29:
Ausnutria and Trivium 
celebrate lower-carbon 
packaging production
With carbon footprint reduction representing 
one of our nine eco-design standards, we aim  
to continuously improve the reduction of the 
carbon content of our products, including more 
efficient production, operations, logistics and 
procurement. Our collaboration with leading 
infant formula manufacturer, Ausnutria, in 
Heerenveen, the Netherlands, is a great  
example of a project that targets all the above.
In 2018, Ausnutria was looking for a supplier that 
could provide them with packaging that would 
meet the highest quality and hygiene standards 
and with a reduced environmental impact.  
A solution was devised in the form of constructing 
a new can-making plant together, that directly 
adjoins Ausnutria’s production facility in 
Heerenveen. In 2022, this plant became 
operational.
The plant was designed with sustainability as  
a priority. This is the first Trivium plant running  
on zero emission energy sources, for example 
geothermal heating and green electricity. Excess 
warmth during the summer period is stored deep 
underground and can later be transferred to the 
plant in the winter. The result is a comfortable 
working environment all-year round with no gas 
consumption. 
The proximity of the plant to the customer’s 
facility has also improved logistics: up to 80% of 
our finished packaging is now transferred to the 
customer by means of a conveyor belt that runs 
between both plants, eliminating the need for 
truck-based transportation and its associated 
emissions. In parallel, upstream-based emissions 
have been reduced through a nitrogen gas 
generator that produces and supplies nitrogen 
onsite, eliminating the need to transport nitrogen 
to the plant in liquid form by road.   
Finally, the plant no longer uses light switches. 
Motion-based sensors mean that lights are only 
switched on when needed, further reducing 
electricity consumption.
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
29
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
GROW OUR BUSINESS  SUSTAINABLY
29
Customer

Page 30:
Planet
4
We recognise that caring for our climate  
is a business imperative and that our 
stakeholders increasingly expect us to make 
meaningful efforts towards positive climate 
action. A continuous improvement approach 
to the environmental profile of our global 
facilities is key. In 2022, we submitted our 
carbon emission reduction targets for 
validation by the Science-Based Targets 
initiative and continued the successful  
roll-out of global and local initiatives related 
to our main areas of ecological impact.
Environmentally 
conscious 
facilities
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
30
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 31:
Adopting an integrated approach  
to environmental management
Our manufacturing processes convert aluminium and steel into packaging 
through a series of steps. These steps may require energy and water, while 
others can produce waste or release gases that contain volatile organic 
compounds (VOCs). As these activities can pose a threat to the environments 
and communities in the vicinity of our operations, we adopt a holistic approach 
to reducing our impact on the planet through a combination of environmental 
policies, management systems, and initiatives. 
Environmental Policy
Trivium’s Environmental Policy dictates our overall 
approach to environmental performance 
management. Trivium’s Environmental Policy is 
linked to our Code of Conduct and therefore 
governs the activities of all our employees, 
contractors and third parties working on our behalf 
around the world. Approved by Trivium's 
Management and Supervisory Boards, the Policy 
seeks to achieve several outcomes, including 
raising environmental awareness; reducing the 
occurrences of environmental incidents; 
establishing standardised company-wide 
environmental protection practices and achieving 
material compliance with environmental regulatory 
requirements. 
Underpinning Trivium’s Environmental Policy are 
Environmental Control Standards, a set of rigorous 
specifications in line with relevant legal and 
regulatory guidelines on environmental criteria.  
Our Environmental Control Standards are subject 
to regular internal audits, management reviews 
and compliance checks to help make sure that 
they are both properly applied and contribute to 
their intended goals. In 2022, 100% of our locations 
completed an online audit to review their 
implementation of current standards.
1
  
The feedback was used to identify each plant’s 
environmental achievements, best practices and 
performance gaps, as well as to define concrete 
steps to further enhance environmental 
performance in the years to come.
1 Excluding our two plants in Ukraine.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING 31
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
Planet

Page 32:
Based on our online plant audits, we have not 
identified any instances of non-compliance with 
material and relevant environmental laws and 
regulations in the countries where we operate.  
We also remain committed to open and unbiased 
dialogue with our stakeholders on environmental 
topics, and we periodically align our approach  
with external and internal stakeholders through, 
among others, materiality assessments and audits 
(see page 81).
Environmental  
management system
We have environmental management systems in 
place at each of our production facilities. In 2022, 
63% of our plants had an externally validated ISO 
14001 certification for environmental management 
(2021: 64%) and 24% had an ISO 50001 for energy 
management. Acquiring these third-party 
certifications helps us keep our environmental 
management activities in line with international 
best practices.
In addition, all our plants are required to share 
monthly environmental data through the Trivium 
Risk Inventory Management System (TRIMS). 
Environmental incidents must also be reported to 
TRIMS in accordance with specific reporting 
procedures. Through TRIMS, we can closely track 
our environmental footprint and document 
environmental incidents, which in turn enables us 
to investigate and implement corrective action 
wherever necessary to drive continual 
improvement. 
Environmental initiatives 
Finally, we carry out ongoing initiatives specifically 
designed to limit our environmental impact across 
our manufacturing locations (see some examples 
below). These initiatives encompass our four core 
environmental footprints (  carbon emissions,  
VOCs,  water and  waste) and are key to enabling 
us to achieve our ambitious Circularity Champion 
targets.
2
5
10
11
19 6
3
8
4 7
2
5
10
11
19 6
3
8
4 7
CO2 emissions/energy consumption
1  Bila, Ukraine
Compressor waste heat recovered 
2  Conklin, United States
Fuel-powered forklifts replaced with electric ones
3  Fiorenzuola d'Arda, Italy
Air blowers optimised 
4  Moëlan-sur-Mer, France (p. 34)
Heat exchanger installed 
5  Weissenthurm, Germany (p. 34)
Heating system optimised
6  Znojmo, Czech Republic
New air compressors installed
VOC emissions
7  La Fleche, France
Incinerator installed
Water consumption
8  Itupeva, Brazil
Washer machine water consumption reduced
9  Ludres, France (p. 37)
Water nozzles upgraded
Waste
10 Montecchio, Italy (p. 38)
Solvent distiller installed
11 Wedel, Germany
New compound monitoring system installed
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
32
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
Planet

Page 33:
Reducing carbon emissions 
from our operations
In 2021, our colleagues in Erftstadt experienced the physical risks of a changing 
climate when a major flood damaged one of our plants. In May 2022, we were 
once again reminded of the significant impact of extreme weather events in 
Weißenthurm, where a severe hailstorm impacted and damaged our plant.  
As evidence of the severity and urgency of the climate crisis continues to 
mount up, we recognise that the way we operate our organisation is 
intertwined with the future of our planet. We are therefore committed  
to reducing our own carbon emissions as much as possible.
Science-based reduction targets
We adjusted our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction 
commitments in 2022 from 30% to 42% by 2030. 
We also introduced a new Scope 3 emissions 
reduction target of 25% by 2030. These targets are 
set according to science-based principles and are 
fully aligned with the 1.5°C climate scenario, 
meaning they are consistent with a reduction in 
greenhouse gas emissions to levels that the latest 
climate science deems necessary to limit global 
warming to 1.5°C. In 2022, we submitted these 
targets for validation by the Science-Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi). We expect to receive this validation 
in 2023, and in the meantime, we will continue our 
efforts to meet our targets.
In 2022, these efforts included the roll-out of various 
operational excellence programmes aimed at 
helping us reduce our emissions across our plants, 
such as initiatives targeting energy efficiency, 
reductions in energy and electricity usage, process 
optimisation and equipment upgrades. For 
example, some Trivium plants have invested in heat 
reclamation and recovery technology, which 
captures heat generated during the production 
process and uses it to heat buildings or reduce 
energy consumption, especially in our lacquering 
and print shops (see boxout on next page). We  
also continued the roll-out of our Plant Energy 
Reduction tool, a user-friendly system that uses 
data from TRIMS to provide a detailed breakdown 
of each plant’s progress against our science-based 
targets. 
2021
Total gas and electricity consumption (MWh)
 Total
 
376,503
2020
1,123,616
1,094,898
2022
360,554
1,004,328
382,725
718,395
643,774
740,891
Electricity Natural gas
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
33
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
33
Planet

Page 34:
Reducing gas 
consumption in 
Weißenthurm
In Weißenthurm, Germany, our plant’s central 
heating system is responsible for around  
25% of the plant’s energy consumption.  
Any improvement to our heating process 
therefore has a large potential impact on  
both gas consumption and associated  
carbon emissions. 
With that in mind, our plant personnel looked for 
different ways to optimise our central heating unit 
and support systems. First, they saw an opportunity 
to reduce the flow temperature in the central 
heating system. “This gave us a higher efficiency in 
our incinerator heat exchanger”, Bjorn Wagner, 
Project Engineer at Trivium, explains. Second, they 
constructed a new and better insulated roof in a 
subsection of the plant. Third, they surveyed our 
colleagues, asking them to identify any defects and 
malfunctioning heaters that could be fixed. This 
made everyone feel part of the initiative. 
Thanks to these efforts, 1 GWh of gas savings were 
realised in the last quarter of 2022 alone –the 
equivalent of over 200 tonnes of CO2 emissions – 
with more savings expected throughout the winter. 
“In addition to reducing our gas consumption in 
central heating, we are implementing best 
practices from the Trivium Blue Book and have 
found more potential energy savings in our 
processes and resources”, says Bjorn. “What is really 
inspiring is that this will not just impact our plant, 
but it will demonstrably reduce the footprint of the 
products manufactured in the Trivium facilities we 
serve. It is a win-win situation for Trivium!”  
Recovering heat  
in Moëlan-sur-Mer
A recently installed Regenerative Thermal Oxidiser 
(RTO) in our Moëlan-sur-Mer plant in France has a 
potential VOC removal efficiency rate of 97%. 
However, it requires significant electricity and gas 
consumption to operate. Convinced that there 
should be no trade-off between reducing energy 
and reducing VOC emissions, our OSG team set 
out to find a solution to achieve both goals 
simultaneously.
  
In 2022, the team installed a heat exchanger 
between the RTO and the Draw Wall Ironing (DWI) 
make-up lines. This connection captures clean, hot 
air from the RTO and reuses it to heat up the DWI 
lines to the ideal temperature for our lacquering 
processes. 
With this solution, our plant has not only found a 
way to capture and reuse heat that would have 
otherwise gone to waste but also eliminated the 
burner system that had been used previously to 
heat the DWI lines. In total, the project has 
achieved an estimated energy reduction of 
500MWh per year.
Project engineer, Bjorn Wagner (left) and Continuous 
Improvement Manager, Thomas Ruff, stand in front of 
the Weißenthurm plant’s central heating unit. 
Through process optimizations, 1 GWh of gas savings 
were realised in the last quarter of 2022 alone.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
34
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
34
Planet

Page 35:
Importantly, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we 
launched a new project with the specific goal of 
pinpointing what we can do in the short and long 
term to reduce energy consumption in our 
European plants. During the first stage of the 
project, a workshop was organised where 
representatives from the major plants showed how 
they are tackling high energy consumption. This 
workshop resulted in the Trivium ‘Blue Book’, a 
collection of 16 initiatives that will serve as best 
practice for future projects. The Blue Book has 
been shared among all the plants in Europe, which 
have set up a total of 180 initiatives to reduce gas 
and electricity consumption, as well as procedures 
to facilitate energy reduction. In 2023, these 
initiated projects will continue to maximise our 
energy efficiency with the ultimate goal of reaching 
a 15% reduction by 2025 (vs 2022 levels).
Thanks to the dedication of our plant personnel, 
operational excellence (OpEx) teams and 
operational support group (OSG), these initiatives 
have enabled us to successfully meet and exceed 
our annual carbon emission reduction target for 
2022. Specifically, we registered a 7.3% reduction in 
carbon emissions across our business, against a 
target of 4.2%. Our consistency in meeting – and 
exceeding – our carbon emission reduction goals 
for two consecutive years gives us the confidence 
that we are well on track to meet our science-
based targets by 2030.
Renewable electricity
In addition to increasing energy efficiency, 
transitioning towards greener energy in our 
operations is another integral pillar of our carbon 
emission reduction strategy. Our aim is to have all 
our manufacturing plants running on 100% 
renewable electricity by 2030.
 
Our plants in Spain and the United Kingdom have 
already met that target, running on 100% 
renewable electricity. In 2022, we took further steps 
by starting our new factory in the Netherlands on 
green electricity. We additionally approved the 
installation of solar panels at different sites. In total, 
29% of our plants fully run on renewable electricity.  
2022 Total emissions 255,657
GHG emissions (in metric tons CO/uni2082eq)
 Intensity
 132,231 123,426
Total change -10.3%
YoY change -7.3%
Target 2030 -42%
2021 Total emissions 275,847
78
Scope 1 Scope 2
146,824 129,023
YoY change -3.2%
100
2020 Total emissions 284,947
107
151,945 133,002
Electricity from renewable sources
Renewable electricity
2022 29%
2021 29% 
2022 12%
2021 8% 
Target 2030 100%
Plants fully operating on renewable electricity
Target 2030 100%
1  Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the year, expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (t C02 eq) per million US dollars of revenue for the same year.
1
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
35
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
Planet

Page 36:
Limiting the ecological 
footprint of our operations
Our integrated approach to environmental management goes beyond reducing carbon 
emissions: we must be environmentally conscious across all our operations. This entails 
efforts to control and limit other environmental impacts, including VOCs, water and waste. 
VOCs
 
VOCs -or volatile organic compounds- are by-
products of the metal manufacturing process that, 
if left unmanaged, can have a negative impact on 
air quality. We are therefore taking steps to monitor 
and reduce our VOC emissions by installing 
abatement technologies in our plants, working 
with our R&D teams to reduce the use of solvents 
in our processes, and more generally reviewing our 
compliance with existing and future regulations.
For example, in 2022, we continued setting up 
abatement technology in our Itupeva plant in Brazil 
and further improved the abatement capacity in 
our Moëlan-sur-Mer plant in France. Both solutions 
allow us to deal with increasing volume demands 
while maintaining high VOC oxidation efficiency 
levels. 
In Europe, all industrial plants that produce high 
VOC emissions need to abide by the European 
Union Industrial Emissions Directive (2010/75/EU) 
and maintain compliance with the amendments  
for Best Available Techniques (BAT). In a review 
conducted during the year by the European plants 
that operate under the scope of the Industrial 
Emissions Directive, we found no evidence of 
non-compliance based on the current emission 
guidelines as defined by the Directive.  
Water
 
We use water in our manufacturing operations for 
a variety of reasons, including cooling, preventing 
equipment scaling, corrosion and fouling, removing 
lubrication and chemical residues from cans and 
providing clean surfaces for treatment. In 2022, we 
operated 51 manufacturing facilities in 19 countries 
that are included in the Aqueduct Water Risk 
Atlas.
2
 Of these, nine plants (namely, those in 
Argentina (2), Brazil, Italy (2), Morocco, Romania, 
Seychelles and Ukraine) are situated in locations 
classified as high or extremely high physical risk 
areas and consume water at a relatively high rate in 
their operating processes.
 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
36
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
36
Planet

Page 37:
Of course, water is crucial not only to our business 
but also to the communities within which we 
operate. Our target is to reduce water withdrawal 
by 10% by 2030 (compared with 2020 levels). We 
want to be accountable to our local communities 
and encourage Trivium’s plant management teams 
to prioritise responsible water management as an 
integral part of our sustainability strategy.
In 2022, we continued to implement water 
management measures across our locations. 
Closed-loop water systems are in place where 
feasible, helping us to reduce our water 
consumption and minimise pollution. In addition, 
we continued to implement process-optimisation 
initiatives and equipment upgrades at several 
plants, including optimising our washing machines’ 
water consumption, increasing efficiency and 
recycling for demi water creation, and setting up  
a rainwater harvesting system. 
Despite these initiatives, our water withdrawal rate 
in 2022 was consistent with 2021 rates, largely due 
to an increase in production volumes in three 
plants, which collectively accounted for 37% of our 
total withdrawals. In 2023 and beyond, we plan to 
roll out more water-focused initiatives while 
continuing to closely monitor our water withdrawal 
rates through TRIMS.
Reducing water consumption  
in Ludres
Some of the Easy Open Ends (EOE) produced at our 
Ludres plant in France are washed and cleaned with 
water following the coating process. Last year, our 
team found a way to significantly reduce water 
usage by installing a new nozzle that sprays water 
more uniformly and accurately across the ends. 
Thanks to this new technology, 320,000 ends can 
now be cleaned with just 1m3 of water, a five-fold 
increase in efficiency compared with a conventional 
nozzle. Since its implementation in September 2022, 
the initiative has helped the plant achieve a 3% 
reduction in water consumption. Plans are currently 
underway to install new nozzles on the other EOE 
coaters in Ludres, which will save even more water in 
the coming years.
2021 Total withdrawal 1,109,602
Water withdrawal (m/uni00B3)
301,229 805,846
2020 Total withdrawal 1,126,944
291,367 832,727 2,850
2,527
1,747
Groundwater Municipal water Surface water
2022 Total withdrawal 1,112,894 
342,804 768,344
Total change -1.2%
Target 2030 -10%
YoY change +0.3%
YoY change -1.5%
 Intensity
 
339
402
424
 
1  Formerly reported as ‘water consumption’.  2 Total water withdrawal for the year, expressed in cubic meters (m3), per million US dollars of revenue for the same year.
3  The Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas is an online risk-mapping platform operated by the World Resources Institute. It provides global coverage of 13 different indicators of physical, regulatory and reputational 
risks related to water. We use it to derive key insights on water-related risks – such as water stress and flood occurrence – that are present in the locations where we operate.
1
2
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
37
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
37
Planet

Page 38:
Waste
In our daily operations, we take care to limit waste 
in the form of metal scrap, pallets, corrugated 
board and plastic film packaging, for example. In 
line with the hierarchy of the EU’s Waste 
Framework Directive (2008/98/EC), our aim is to 
send zero waste to landfill by 2030. 
Our waste management approach centres on three 
pillars. First, we embrace lean methodologies, such  
 
 
as Single-Minute Exchange of Die (SMED) and 5S, 
to optimise our production processes and increase 
overall equipment efficiency. Second, we apply 
lean manufacturing techniques to reduce the 
amount of material that is wasted during 
production. This can be achieved by conducting 
waste walks, reducing technical spoilage by 
optimising plate dimensions or using root-cause 
problem solving to sustainably remedy quality 
Reusing our solvents  
in Montecchio
We strive to reduce waste from our operations  
as much as possible across our facilities.  
Finding ways to reuse resources was a key focus 
for one of our Italian plants last year.
Our Montecchio plant in Italy uses around 1,500 
kg of solvent per month to clean its production 
lines; once used, this material is treated as 
hazardous waste. In late 2022, the plant installed 
a new solvent distiller. The new self-cleaning 
solvent reclaiming unit now allows up to 60-70% 
of the used solvent to be distilled and reused to 
clean the lines with no loss in performance.
The process works as follows: used solvent is fed 
into a small collection unit and taken to the 
distillation tanks via a closed system of pipes – 
helping to protect air quality in the plant. The 
cleaned solvent is delivered back into the main 
solvent tank, where it is topped up with fresh 
solvent to replace the small amount lost during 
the procedure.
“In a short period of time, the unit has already 
had an extremely positive impact on our waste 
management”, says Anette Schoenlaub, Trivium’s 
Environment, Health & Safety Manager at the 
Montecchio plant. “Not only does it enable a 
much simpler and safer process, but it also allows 
us to cut down our hazardous waste and preserve 
a valuable resource so we can put it to good use 
many times over. In waste reduction, every little 
step helps – but it’s rare to find a solution that 
makes such a big impact as this does. We can’t 
wait to see the distiller’s impact over a full year of 
operations.”
Waste generation (t)
2020 Total weight of waste generated 28,737  
4,52324,214
Hazardous
2021 Total weight of waste generated 29,553 
5,17524,378
2022 Total weight of waste generated 31,851
4,76627,085
Non-hazardous
24,364 (82%) 5,189 (18%)
22,029 (77%) 6,708 (23%)
2022 Total weight of waste generated 31,851
27,395 (86%) 4,456 (14%)
Waste handling (t)
Reused/recycled To landﬁll
2020 Total weight of waste generated 28,737  
2021 Total weight of waste generated 29,553 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
38
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
38
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
Planet

Page 39:
defects. Third, we implement plant-level initiatives 
to recycle and reuse materials as much as possible 
to conserve resources and reduce costs (see 
boxout). For example, discs created in the final 
production process can be reused for smaller ends, 
thus increasing circularity within our own 
operations.
Thanks to the effectiveness of our waste 
management efforts and plant initiatives over the 
past two years, the percentage of reused and 
recycled waste from our operations increased.  
This contributed to a reduction in the proportion of 
waste we sent to landfill, from 23% in 2020 to 14% 
in 2022, putting us on track of our target of zero 
landfill to waste by 2030. In 2022, 25% of our plants 
sent virtually zero waste to landfill.
Biodiversity
According to the WWF Biodiversity Risk Filter, none 
of our 51 plants are situated in high or very high 
biodiversity-related physical risk areas.
1
  
Nonetheless, at Trivium, we are increasingly aware 
that biodiversity is a key part of any discussion on 
environmental awareness – and, moreover, that it is 
a subject close to our stakeholders’ hearts. Though 
we have several biodiversity initiatives in place 
already, we took this a step further in 2022 by 
engaging in initial conversations with several of our 
stakeholders, including suppliers and customers, to 
better understand their perspectives on this topic 
and explore opportunities for joint action. This is 
just the beginning: in 2023, biodiversity will be a 
more prominent focus area for Trivium, and our 
aim is to create a roadmap setting out our 
approach to protecting the ecosystems around us 
and enabling biodiversity to thrive.
1   The WWF Biodiversity Risk Filter is an online screening tool that enables companies to assess the extent to which their manufacturing 
locations are situated in areas of high biodiversity risk. A high physical score is driven by a high dependence on ecosystem services or 
high impact on pressures on biodiversity, as well as by compromised ecosystem services or high existing pressures on biodiversity at 
the site locations.
“ The world is changing, and the metal packaging industry is 
adapting. At Trivium, we are working with our value chain 
partners to understand how our businesses affect the habitats we 
live and work in, and on developing strategies that support us on 
our journey to produce products that improve our ways of life 
while reducing our impact on the ecosystems we depend on.”
Bee-ing the change  
in Hoogeveen
Biodiversity protection starts with 
awareness. 
We help our employees develop a good 
first-hand understanding of the importance 
of biodiversity and its conservation by 
organizing nature walks, world clean up 
events and visits to conservation experts.  
In Hoogeveen, our employees had the 
opportunity to visit a beekeeper to learn 
more about bees and contribute to their 
conservation by planting a field of 
wildflowers. Elsewhere, in Wedel, our 
employees prepared a bee pasture in the 
vicinity of the plant. Over the next few 
months, these bee-friendly flowers are 
expected to grow and thus help preserve 
biodiversity in the area.
 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
39
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS FACILITIES
Sarah Sanzo Trivium Senior Product Sustainability and Stewardship Manager
Planet

Page 40:
Planet
We are committed to working constructively with our 
global supply chain partners to meet the growing 
demand for sustainable packaging. At the same time, 
we hold our suppliers accountable for their actions and 
encourage them to contribute to a socially and 
environmentally conscious path for metal packaging. 5
Sustainable 
sourcing
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
40
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 41:
Promoting a responsible supply 
chain 
Our products are made from raw materials that require extraction or waste 
sorting and refining by our suppliers. Ultimately, these processes help to create 
both infinitely recyclable metal packaging and of employment and economic 
development opportunities that benefit countless communities. Nonetheless, 
we must also be diligent in managing our sourcing activities to prevent 
negative environmental and social impacts.
Supplier selection  
and onboarding
Our approach to responsible sourcing starts with 
supplier selection. At Trivium, we have a due 
diligence process in place to help us identify and 
work with partners that share our values and our 
commitment to acting responsibly. In our tender 
processes, we assess potential suppliers based on  
a series of questions about their sustainability and 
social responsibility actions and/or plans. 
Since 2020, we have required all our suppliers to 
agree to our Supplier Code of Conduct. The Code 
includes a set of mandatory requirements for 
working with Trivium and clarifies our expectations 
for our supply chain partners around the world on 
a range of issues, including human rights, anti-
bribery and fraud, modern slavery prevention, 
conflict minerals, health and safety and business 
integrity. In 2022, we took the additional step of 
requiring our top 200 suppliers to sign off on our 
Supplier Code of Conduct to further confirm that 
they have read, understood and adhere to it. At the 
time of publication of this report, 78% of these 
suppliers had already either signed off on our 
Supplier Code of Conduct or presented us with 
their own Code of Conduct, which we judged to 
be of a similar level of stringency as ours.
In 2022, we confirmed that 100% of Trivium’s 
tinplate manufacturers, traders and component 
suppliers are covered by a Conflict Minerals 
Reporting Template, conflict-free material 
statement or Securities and Exchange Commission 
report. We will continue to work closely with all our 
existing tinplate suppliers to raise awareness of this 
issue and inform any new suppliers of our policies 
at the outset so that they are aware of our conflict-
free approach.
Supplier ESG performance  
Once our suppliers have been onboarded, we 
evaluate them regularly and encourage them to 
continue to think and act sustainably wherever 
possible. Our partners typically appreciate Trivium 
inquiring about their programmes in this space.
We pay particular attention to our top 200 
suppliers, who represent around 84% of our 
purchase spend. Every year, we invite them to 
respond to an annual questionnaire on a broad 
range of environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) topics, including environmental 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
41
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
Planet

Page 42:
management, CO2 emissions and workplace 
controls. We use the results to create a 
sustainability scorecard for each of our suppliers, 
allowing us to monitor their environmental, social 
and governance performance over time and keep 
track of the initiatives they have in place. In 2022, 
85% of our top 200 suppliers completed the 
questionnaire, representing around 83% of our  
total purchase spend for the year.
We remain committed to our KPI of having 70% of 
our purchase spend allocated to suppliers with an 
average or above-average ESG score by 2030. We 
view this as an essential part of our commitment to 
promoting safe and sustainable practices within 
our supply chain. Following the guidance of two 
industry-leading sustainability rating providers, 
EcoVadis and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), 
we have defined ‘average’ as an EcoVadis rating of 
silver and/or a CDP rating of B. These baselines 
allow us to measure progress on our target and 
compare our suppliers’ sustainability performance. 
In 2022, 61% of our total procurement spend was 
allocated to suppliers with an average or above-
average ESG score, up from 48% in 2021.
In 2022, we took further steps towards our target 
by planning customised follow-ups with a subset of 
suppliers. The focus of these follow-ups is 
dependent on both the supplier’s ESG 
performance and whether they participate in 
EcoVadis assessments. We seek to prioritise our 
outreach efforts towards suppliers that currently 
fall short of our ESG performance expectations, 
and to encourage more of our suppliers to 
participate in EcoVadis assessments to promote 
greater transparency in the supply chain. 
In parallel, we continued to train our own 
procurement colleagues on the importance of 
sustainable sourcing and of supporting our 
suppliers on their sustainability journeys. A training 
module jointly conducted by Trivium’s 
Sustainability Team and EcoVadis representatives 
on sustainable sourcing and supplier engagement 
saw a 100% participation rate among the global 
procurement team.
Top 200 suppliers who completed 
our ESG survey
Supplier ESG participation
2022 85%
2021 90%
2020 80%
2019 71%
“ We track external developments so our supplier questionnaires reflect the latest thinking on 
sustainability and cover the most material ESG topics for our company and sector. This year 
we’ve included questions that aim to give us greater visibility on gender representation within 
our supply chain. We’ll use the responses to set a baseline upon which we can plan future 
supply chain diversity and inclusion programmes.”
Peipei Yang Trivium Product Stewardship Analyst
Total purchase spend allocated to suppliers  
with average or above-average ESG scores 
Supplier ESG performance
2022 61%
2021 48%
Target 2030 70%
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
42
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
Planet

Page 43:
At Trivium, our ambition is to elevate the 
sustainability credentials of metal packaging.  
For us, this entails leading by example as well  
as encouraging our value chain partners to  
embed sustainability in their operations and 
decision-making. 
We are proud to work with partners who share our 
same values, but perhaps even prouder to see 
many of them take meaningful action on 
sustainability. Our Ohio-based bottling partner,  
On Us, is a case in point.
On Us and Trivium share many things in common. 
Both organisations believe in metal packaging as 
an effective solution to today’s plastic waste crisis. 
They are also dedicated to technical excellence  
and share an unwavering dedication to customer 
satisfaction. “Supplying people with products that 
they will then consume comes with a great deal of 
responsibility”, says Ryan Cene, On Us President. 
“Like Trivium, we approach every bottle we fill with 
a certain reverence. It’s this relentless commitment 
to product quality, to doing things right, and to 
adding value to anyone connected to our business 
that make our relationship with Trivium so strong. 
We share the same values, and as a relatively young 
company, we’re constantly learning from them 
about what we can do better.”
“ It’s this relentless commitment to product quality, to doing things 
right, and to adding value to anyone connected to our business that 
make our relationship with Trivium so strong.” Ryan Cene On Us President
Promoting 
sustainability 
across the 
value chain
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
43
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
43
Planet

Page 44:
“ The aim is not only to encourage transparency 
within the value chain, but also to provide 
companies at earlier stages of ESG maturity with 
a best-practice governance framework on which 
they can build their sustainability agenda.”
Recently, On Us turned to Trivium for inspiration on 
their approach to sustainability. “I like to believe 
that On Us is a place where people feel proud to 
work in; a place that sets them up for future 
success. However, to be authentic to who we claim 
to be, we realised we needed to take a closer look 
at our operations and processes and assess 
whether they were indeed aligned with relevant 
ESG benchmarks”. 
In an exchange with Ryan, Jenny Wassenaar, 
Trivium’s Chief Sustainability Officer, suggested that 
On Us participates in an EcoVadis assessment. The 
aim is not only to encourage transparency within 
the value chain, but also to provide companies at 
earlier stages of ESG maturity with a best-practice 
governance framework on which they can build 
their sustainability agenda.    
 “We loved the idea of using EcoVadis as a gap 
analysis tool”, Ryan says. “As first-time participants, 
our focus was not on final scoring, but rather on 
which areas require our attention in order to ensure 
we are living up to our word of being a responsible 
company.” 
Following their assessment, On Us identified some 
areas for improvement — including policies and 
reporting metrics. Their plan is to build on this 
assessment by creating a roadmap that will propel 
their sustainability journey and, with that, the 
sustainability performance of the metal packaging 
sector. We are proud to support On Us on this 
journey and look forward to inspiring more 
partners to continue to think and act sustainably 
wherever possible.  
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
44
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
Jenny Wassenaar Trivium Chief Sustainability Officer 
44
Planet

Page 45:
Reducing Scope 3 emissions 
Carbon emissions from our supply chain are significantly higher than  
those from our own operations. This makes supply chain decarbonisation  
a key enabler of our sustainability ambitions. 
Green material collaborations
Reducing our Scope 3 emissions goes hand in 
hand with a good understanding of the current 
carbon footprint of our suppliers and their 
decarbonisation plans. Discussions with 
stakeholders both inside and outside the industry 
have shown that measuring Scope 3 emissions 
remains a challenge for many businesses, either 
due to missing data from some suppliers or 
inconsistent methodologies. In 2022, we engaged 
with more of our suppliers to better understand 
their product carbon footprints emissions and the 
underlying assumptions and standards they adhere 
to. Over time, we aim to use more supplier-specific 
emission factors, rather than industry-averages, 
when calculating our own Scope 3 emissions. 
In parallel, we continued to engage closely with 
suppliers on various initiatives aimed at cutting 
down carbon emissions along our value chain, 
including increasing recycled content in our 
aluminium alloys and developing new steel grades 
that support down-gauging. Thanks to these 
efforts, we registered a 4.7% decrease in Scope 3 
emissions.
Collaborating with suppliers  
on technical innovation
In 2022, Trivium teamed up with long-time steel 
supplier ArcelorMittal Europe to tackle an 
interesting challenge: how do you continue to 
improve the robustness and overall quality of 
easy-open ends (EOEs), which need to be strong 
enough to resist high sterilisation pressures, yet 
still make them easy enough to be opened by end 
consumers? 
After months of collaboration and trialling with 
Trivium, ArcelorMittal successfully developed a 
new steel grade for use in EOEs. Testing shows that 
the force required to open the EOEs has been 
reduced by 10 newtons, making can-opening 
easier for consumers. What is more, the new steel 
grade also enables downgauging – a reduction in 
EOE thickness – thereby reducing the amount of 
material used and helping to make steel an even 
more sustainable packaging material in this 
everyday application. 
Trivium is already using this steel in our can-making 
operations in Erftstadt (Germany), and we are now 
working to roll it out to other plants in 2023. 
Meanwhile, we will continue to work closely with 
ArcelorMittal on further downgauging, so we can 
achieve even higher materials savings and make an 
even more positive impact on our planet.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
45
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
Planet

Page 46:
Supply chain optimisation
Our inbound and outbound transport activities 
contribute to our Scope 3 emissions as well, which 
is why we look for ways to enhance the efficiency 
of our logistics across the full network of Trivium 
plants. In particular, we leverage technology to 
identify and act on opportunities to optimise our 
supply chain. The deployment of our cloud-based 
Transport Management System in Europe reached 
95% in 2022, enabling the collection of data for the 
calculation of CO2 emissions and the identification 
of efficiency improvement projects. 
We also aim to reduce transport-related emissions 
by utilizing each truck to its maximum capacity 
and using high-cube trucks where possible to 
increase the capacity per transport. In 2022, we ran 
several pilots in the Netherlands to assess how we 
can better use truck space and measure the 
impact for our business and our environment. 
These initiatives showed that by considering the 
volume and weight of truck contents and using 
container space more efficiently, we can run fewer 
transportation journeys and lower both our CO2 
emissions and our fuel costs. We will use the results 
to inform changes to our loading practices and 
underpin discussions with customers about the 
topic of road freight sustainability.
GHG emissions (in metric tons CO/uni2082eq)
Total
change
-11.5%
Target 2030 -25%
Scope 3
YoY change -4.7%
YoY change -7.1%
2022 Total emissions 2,850,689 
2021 Total emissions 2,991,690
2020 Total emissions 3,219,288
2022 Total emissions 3,106,346 
GHG emissions (in metric tons CO/uni2082eq)
132,231 123,426
Total change -11.4%
2021 Total emissions 3,267,537
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
146,824 129,023
2020 Total emissions 3,504,235
151,945 133,002
2,850,689
2,991,690
3,219,288
YoY change -4.9%
YoY change -6.8%
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
46
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABLE SOURCING
Planet

Page 47:
People
6
Trivium’s employees are fundamental to driving our 
business and sustainability agendas. In 2022, we 
continued to drive progress across five priority areas in 
our workplaces: health and safety, employee 
engagement, professional development, inclusion and 
diversity, and responsibility.
Safe, engaged 
and 
responsible 
workforce
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
47
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 48:
Building a zero-harm safety 
culture
Our manufacturing processes include extruding, trimming and shaping metal 
into containers. These processes, conducted at high speeds and involving heavy 
machinery and equipment, entail risks and hazards such as industrial 
accidents, fires and mechanical failure. Because of these operating hazards,  
we are committed to establishing a robust and standardised health and safety 
(H&S) programme that protects the safety and well-being of our people and 
reduces the likelihood of accidents in the workplace. 
H&S management systems
All Trivium workplaces are covered by an 
occupational Health & Safety (H&S) system that is 
internally audited by business unit H&S managers 
on an annual basis. Globally, 31% of our plants have 
an H&S management system that is ISO 45001 
certified and have dedicated management-worker 
H&S committees in place (compared with 32% in 
2021). Non-certified plants are also required to 
establish an H&S committee.
Hazard identification, risk assessment (including 
corrective action plans) and incident investigations 
are also embedded in the Group H&S management 
system. Procedures are in place at every plant to 
report accidents and near-misses through the 
Trivium Packaging Risk Inventory Management 
System (TRIMS). Accident reports are shared 
throughout Trivium and lessons learned are 
applied. Emergency preparedness procedures are 
also in place across all our plants, enabling a fast 
response to any onsite health and safety incident or 
injury. Employees are entitled, and even expected, 
to stop work situations that they believe could 
cause injury or ill health to themselves or a co-
worker.
H&S standards
In line with the objectives of the Trivium Business 
System (TBS), we focused in 2022 on standardising 
how we address health and safety across the 
organisation. For example, we began standardising 
safety risk assessments and completed the roll-out 
of 18 H&S standards that cover fundamental safety 
topics of relevance to our company and industry, 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
48
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 49:
including machine safety, mobile operations, and 
personal protective equipment (PPE). These 
standards come on top of our existing 10 Life-
Saving H&S rules, which all employees, suppliers, 
contractors and visitors must adhere to in order to 
reduce the likelihood of onsite accidents and 
occupational injuries. In 2022, over 90% of our 
plants were second-party audited and the 
remaining 10% undertook an internal audit based 
on these 18 standards through an assessment 
questionnaire. The outcome of this questionnaire 
will serve as a baseline for future safety targets. 
In parallel, we encouraged plants to engage in their 
own H&S initiatives and share success stories with 
their peers as best practice. For example, at the 
Itupeva Plant in Brazil, vacuum slug box handlers 
were introduced in order to provide employees 
with better ergonomic occupation conditions.  
17 of our plants also voluntarily participated in the 
second phase of our Bradley curve assessment to 
understand plant-level safety culture maturity and, 
from there, undertake insight-driven interventions 
H&S awareness
We believe that a safe and healthy workplace is the 
joint responsibility of all Trivium employees. In 
2022, we continued to provide seven e-learning 
modules to relevant employees on several H&S 
topics, such as working at height, mobile plant and 
PPE, to reinforce the importance of H&S processes 
and promote diligence within the workplace. 
Overall, employees underwent a total of 20,509 
H&S training hours in 2022 (compared with 6,805 
hours in 2021).
We also launched awareness campaigns aimed at 
motivating everyone to play their part in promoting 
a zero-harm safety culture. For example, we carried 
out a three-month safety awareness campaign to 
highlight various safety issues. The campaign 
featured interviews with Trivium employees who 
had previously suffered life-changing workplace 
accidents. On another occasion, we invited 
employees and their families to express the 
importance of safety to them and how following 
the correct safety procedures helps our employees 
return safely to their loved ones every single day.   
Co-creating a safety calendar
Involving loved ones in safety awareness can be an effective way to increase 
employee engagement. To drive broad involvement in our safety efforts, we reached 
out to our employees’ families.
As part of an ambitious safety awareness campaign across our plants, we invited the 
(grand)children of our employees – and their families – to submit illustrations of 
workplace safety processes. Local competitions were organised across our plants, and 
12 of the best drawings were then featured in a 2022 calendar that was distributed to 
our people around the world. The selected winners were rewarded with an iPad mini 
– thank you to all our aspiring artists who participated in the competition! 
2023
Safety
Calendar 
Plus your chance          
      to Win
Featuring 
the 12 winning 
competition 
entries
Winner:
Kira Taurino, 16 yrs (Campegine, Italy)
12|23  
WK M T W T F S S
48 27 28 29 30 01 02 03
49 04 05 06 07 08 09 10
50 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
51 18 19 20 21 22 23 24
52 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Zyad Tanji 7yrs
Casablanca
Take the Quiz
Only in December 2023!
Your chance to Win
Winner:
Kira Taurino, 16 yrs (Campegine, Italy)
05|23  
WK M T W T F S S
18 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
19 08 09 10 11 12 13 14
20 15 16 17 18 19 20 21
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
22 29 30 31 01 02 03 04
Isacco Vigevani 8yrs
Fiorenzuola
Take the Quiz
Only in May 2023!
Your chance to Win
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
49
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 50:
H&S performance
We track our progress on H&S by closely 
monitoring our Total Recordable Accident Rate 
(TRAR) – a KPI for our business that records the 
number of incidents each year that require medical 
treatment (per 100 employees). By 2025, we aim to 
achieve a TRAR of 0.85 accidents per 100 full-time 
equivalents (FTEs) per year.
We recorded one life-changing incident last year; 
an employee in our Youngstown plant lost part of
his middle finger. Next to immediate corrective 
actions on the machine where the accident 
happened we also launched a company-wide plan 
to ensure that such an incident will not re-occur in 
other plants. The completion of this plan is 
followed up as a KPI, and included in our internal 
H&S dashboard, to ensure all plants complete the 
necessary actions before the set deadline.
In 2022, our overall TRAR decreased from 1.51 in 
2021 to 1.30. In addition to our rigorous approach 
to H&S, several factors are likely to have played a 
leading role in 2022's TRAR reduction-- namely, the 
start of a shift towards managerial level 
responsibility on health and safety; an increase in 
the number of safety observation visits; an increase 
in the average number of safety training hours per 
employee; and strengthening our focus on leading 
safety indicators as opposed to lagging safety 
indicators.
Nevertheless, we recognise that there can be no 
room for complacency, and – in line with our 
five-year strategic plan for safety – we will continue 
to apply our efforts to deliver a sustainable safety 
culture with world-class systems and processes. In 
particular, we plan to further democratise our H&S 
approach, including shifting more responsibility for 
upkeep of H&S standards to all Trivium employees, 
and to line managers in particular, who will lead 
the implementation of local standards. In addition, 
we aim to embed and leverage social psychology 
principles and insights to optimise our collective 
awareness and perception of safety, and, where 
possible, apply gamification to our trainings and 
procedures. 
H&S performance
Total Recordable Accident Rate 
(TRAR, per 100 full-time equivalent/year)
Target 2025 0.852022 1.30 
2021 1.51
2020 1.14
H&S indicators 2020 2021 2022
Lost time accidents 0.57 0.77 0.73
Life-changing incidents 3 2 1
Medically treated 
incidents for contractors 2 7 9
Fatalities 0 0 0
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
50
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 51:
Engaging our employees
We aim to provide a supportive and motivating environment that allows all our 
colleagues to give the very best of themselves to our organisation – and by 
extension to Trivium’s stakeholders and society at large.
Organisational health
We track the progress of our effectiveness, 
efficiency and employee engagement in an annual 
survey in which we ask our employees for their 
opinion on how we are performing as a company 
across various dimensions, including direction, 
performance transparency, people involvement, 
and learning and development. The results of this 
annual survey are aggregated into our 
Organisational Health Index (OHI), which we use to 
identify areas for improvement and take steps to 
address them. In 2022, we paid particular attention 
to four key focus areas that emerged from the 2021 
OHI survey: communication, training and 
development, role clarity and contribution, and 
recognition and appreciation. 
Regarding communication, our employees made it 
clear that they not only want to be informed about 
what is going on across our business, but they 
would also like to be able to ask questions and 
make their voice heard. In response, in addition to 
pulse-checks such as our monthly townhall 
meetings, we made sure to set up regular smaller-
scale meetings across all our locations to provide a 
forum where people can feel more comfortable in 
sharing ideas and posing questions. We also 
provided a communication template to all our 
locations to use as the basis for weekly updates on 
global and local news. Every Trivium location now 
has its own OHI committee or ambassador(s) to act 
as a conduit for sharing employee feedback with 
management. At the end of 2022, there were more 
than 100 ambassadors in place across Trivium’s 
global operations.
It was also clear from the 2021 results that there 
was room for improvement with regard to training 
and development. We therefore launched several 
initiatives addressing this topic (see page 54), 
including adding new trainings to our online 
Trivium University, launching a dedicated 
leadership training, and taking steps to expand the 
scope of our performance management system to 
as many colleagues as possible.
To improve on our third focus area, role clarity and 
contribution, our Human Resources (HR) team has 
now made sure that there is a clear role description 
available for every Trivium employee. This is key to 
clarifying our people’s responsibilities and decision 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
51
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 52:
rights, enabling them to make their best possible 
contribution to our business; and empowering 
them to take control of their future. 
Closely related to this is the topic of recognition 
and appreciation, with the 2021 OHI responses 
showing that people were keen to receive more 
recognition for their contributions. As a result, 
throughout 2022, we worked to publicly share 
more teams’ successes in meetings, family days 
and written communications, thereby increasing 
pride and motivation among our colleagues 
worldwide. 
In addition to these four areas, we also took 
measures to improve overall employee 
engagement. For instance, we held bi-weekly 
round table meetings where leaders could share 
best practices with their peers, and organised a 
series of half-day workshops to boost awareness 
and performance regarding engagement, 
effectiveness and efficiency across Trivium. 
Moreover, we continued to encourage and 
incentivise our managers to maintain an open 
dialogues with their direct reports by including 
clear KPIs for employee engagement in our reward 
framework.
After a busy year of addressing these areas for 
improvement, we launched our 2022 OHI survey in 
December. We achieved a global engagement rate 
of 74% (against a benchmark of 68%), and an 
overall score of 66 (2021: 64). This puts Trivium in 
the second quartile of organisational health and 
brings us closer our 2025 ambition of being in the 
top (first) quartile. We are proud to see that 50% of 
our 36 manufacturing locations in Europe are 
already in the top quartile of health and that our 
American plants are improving their health scores. 
Throughout 2023, we will continue to standardise 
best practices and identify further areas of 
improvement that can help us achieve our OHI 
target by 2025.
“ Organisational health is a vital part of a successful business. Our annual survey provides the company with 
valuable insights into what we need to focus on to continuously build a great Trivium organisation, shape 
our culture and improve our current ways of working where necessary. The survey results provide bottom-up 
feedback and help us to set priorities. I’m thrilled that across the company we can clearly see the positive 
impact of our focus on organisational healthh.” 
José ter Mors – van Ostaden Trivium Director of Global Organisational Health
Employee engagement
OHI quartile score
Target 2025 1st2022 2nd
2021 3rd 
2020 3rd
2019 3rd
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
52
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 53:
Supporting our 
colleagues in Ukraine
When war broke out in Ukraine in February 2022, 
people across Trivium watched in disbelief and 
horror. For our more than 240 colleagues based in 
the country, however, it was a case of finding a 
way to live through the conflict. 
“Our first reaction to the events as they unfolded 
was to see what we can do to support our people 
on the ground,” says Charlotte van Meer, Trivium’s 
Chief Legal Officer. “We quickly established that we 
could provide meaningful assistance in two ways: 
providing emergency support to help cover basic 
necessities that our Ukrainian colleagues might not 
be able to get from the government or other 
organisations in these extraordinary times, and 
helping to evacuate employees and their families 
who wanted to leave the country and seek safety 
elsewhere.” 
To that end, Trivium set up a Ukraine Support Fund 
to which colleagues around the world could 
donate, with the company matching all 
contributions. Our people rose to the occasion and 
donated over 150,000 euros to help their 
colleagues in Ukraine, with another 150,000 euros 
in matched donations by Trivium. Raised funds 
were used to provide emergency support in the 
form of reimbursements to colleagues’ damaged 
houses and the purchasing of winter clothing and 
scarce goods, such as power generators.
“I think for many of us at Trivium, these donations 
– but more generally a willingness to support 
colleagues during difficult times – were not 
considered going above and beyond, but rather 
the natural thing to do”, says Charlotte, who also 
serves on the three-member Fund Committee. 
“ When we say Trivium 
is committed to its 
people, or that the 
people of Trivium are 
supportive of their 
colleagues, we mean 
it. We support our 
people around the 
world in good times 
and bad times.”
SPOTLIGHT
Charlotte van Meer  
Trivium Chief Legal Officer
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
53
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
53
People

Page 54:
Prioritising leadership and 
functional capabilities 
development
We understand the importance of building a strong training and development 
culture: one that stretches, supports and shapes our people’s personal and 
professional development worldwide. We aim to further equip our people with 
skills that help them excel in their functional area and lead others, and to provide 
constructive feedback that helps them to develop further in their careers.
Training and development 
In 2022, we made significant progress in the rollout 
of our training and development programme 
across our organisation. The Trivium University 
online learning platform was officially launched in 
May, and now serves as the organisation’s core 
training hub. By the end of 2022, more than 8,000 
trainings in various formats were available via the 
platform to Trivium employees, providing myriad 
learning opportunities on both technical and 
non-technical subjects.
On the leadership front, we continued to focus on 
providing training that further develops a positive 
attitude for our employees to initiate, lead and 
facilitate change and growth in our business. To 
that end, we expanded last year’s Ability to Execute 
(A2E) training to a further 100 participants and 
introduced a new Leadership Essentials training 
dedicated to facilitate further growth in people 
management skills (see boxout on next page). We 
also launched a new mentoring programme, in 
which mentor-mentees are paired for at least six 
months as they work together on capability and 
potential development (as opposed to skills and 
performance). Participant feedback from the pilot 
scheme has been very positive (average rating of 
8.6/10), and we look forward to rolling out the 
training more widely in 2023.
We also took steps to build our functional 
capabilities across the company. In 2022, each 
function created its own training programme. 
These capability-focused trainings, in conjunction 
with the wide range of function-independent 
trainings on Trivium University, help empower our 
colleagues to both build technical expertise and 
develop skills that allow them to deliver their best 
performance in any role and function.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
54
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 55:
Performance management
Effective performance management (PM) plays an 
essential part in clarifying role expectations and 
providing participants with a solid understanding 
of how they can further progress in their careers. As 
part of our PM initiatives for the year, we focused 
on improving our succession planning procedures, 
both to boost our employee engagement and 
protect business continuity. Importantly, 2022 was 
a year in which we reflected on the scope of our 
existing PM system. In previous years, PM in Trivium 
had been largely focused on managerial positions 
and above, meaning that a portion of our 
workforce across all locations received regular 
performance and career development reviews 
(16% in 2022 and 14% in 2021). These reviews bring 
a lot of value to participants by equipping them 
with the tools they need to develop their careers. 
To realise our ambition of a strong company-wide 
development culture, we therefore decided in 2022 
to commit to expanding participation in our PM 
system to more Trivium employees. Specifically, we 
aim to expand regular performance and career 
development reviews to 75% of our total workforce 
by 2030. We recognise that we have some way to go 
but we are committed to taking the necessary steps 
to make that ambition a reality. Looking ahead, we 
recognise that investing in our employees' skills and 
knowledge will be fundamental to achieving our 
long-term goals. To that end, our future focus will be 
on employee upskilling, providing opportunities for 
professional development and reskilling to meet the 
demands of a rapidly evolving business 
environment. We will implement a programme that 
includes training, mentorship, coaching and other 
learning opportunities. We believe that by investing 
in our employees, we will strengthen our workforce, 
improve employee engagement and position our 
company for long-term success.
Leading in the Trivium way
In 2022, we developed and launched a 
training that covers the way we lead at 
Trivium.
‘Leadership Essentials’ is a three-day training 
for leaders of all levels within Trivium, meaning 
that every manager is eligible. The training is 
based on a six-part framework: 
 ■ Leading self
 ■ Engaging people
 ■ Building a high-performing team
 ■ Coaching through feedback
 ■ Getting results through others
 ■  Leveraging daily management
Specially trained HR colleagues and plant 
managers deliver the Leadership Essentials 
training to small groups of employees in a 
range of local languages. By the end of 2022, 
155 people (out of a target group of more than 
500) had completed the training – and have 
provided very positive feedback on its 
interactivity, diversity and blend of theory and 
practice (average rating of 4.6/5). Our goal is to 
roll out Leadership Essentials to an additional 
200 managers in 2023.
Performance management
Target 2030
75%
Workforce who receive regular performance 
and career development reviews
2022 16%
2021 14%
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
55
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
55
People

Page 56:
Creating an inclusive and 
diverse Trivium
To become a global leader in metal packaging, we need to attract and retain a 
diverse workforce, with a range of backgrounds, experiences, and knowledge to 
share. We can only achieve this by developing an inclusive organisational 
culture and providing equal opportunities and fair procedures for everyone, 
regardless of gender, ethnicity, nationality, age, sexual identity, or background. 
I&D programme
Our Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) vision is to have an 
inclusive workplace that motivates and inspires 
each of our employees to contribute to Trivium’s 
success every day – where each person feels safe, 
respected, and valued, and everyone can maximise 
their potential. To help us achieve this objective, we 
are developing an I&D programme that is 
underpinned by four pillars: working groups, 
policies, trainings and surveys. We aim to have 
initiatives related to each pillar fully implemented 
across our organisation by 2025.  
With respect to the first pillar, our global I&D 
internal working group remained active last year 
and continued to serve as the primary forum 
within Trivium for initiating and leading key I&D 
initiatives across the organisation. For example, 
acting on suggestions by members of the I&D 
working group, we piloted new affiliation groups 
aimed at fostering connections within various 
groups of employees, such as women or young 
professionals. We aim to have these groups serve as 
safe spaces for colleagues from all over the world 
to come together and share their experiences, 
suggestions and concerns, with a view to making 
Trivium an increasingly inclusive workplace for all.
For the third I&D pillar, we continued to train our 
people on I&D topics, paying particular attention to 
how everyone can recognise and combat 
unconscious biases within the organisation. To that 
end, we delivered a ‘Building Inclusive Leaders’ 
training to around 100 leaders within Trivium’s 
Transformation team. The training’s four sessions 
covered topics including reducing individual bias, 
giving effective feedback and navigating difficult 
situations. Through these sessions, our leaders 
learned and practised research-backed behaviours 
to increase inclusion at the team and 
organisational levels. We plan to adapt and roll out 
this training to more of Trivium’s people leaders in 
2023.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
56
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 57:
Your Hour, Her Power
Dress for Success is a global not-for-profit 
organisation that aims to empower women to 
achieve economic independence. It focuses on 
providing a network of support, professional 
attire and development tools to help women 
thrive in work and in life. 
Dress for Success kicked off its second annual 
Your Hour, Her Power® campaign on 1 March 
2022, in celebration of Women’s History Month. 
The campaign brings back ‘31 Days of Women  
in Power’ to inspire hope and resilience among 
women by honouring trailblazing women in 
leadership positions across various industries. 
Jenny Wassenaar, our CSO, was one of the 
women honoured by the campaign and used  
her platform to issue a call to action.
“I believe that by empowering women, we 
empower everybody, men, women, young and 
old, different nationalities and different 
backgrounds. Everybody wins”, says Jenny.  
“Now it's time to open the doors for others to 
make a change. It's time to build a home for the 
new leaders of this world. When you give, you get. 
Let's shape an empowered future for everybody 
for generations to come.”
She says, “Supporting change makers that align 
with our purpose, such as Dress for Success, is 
important because it uplifts our communities, 
enabling women across all industries and 
backgrounds to have equal access to professional 
development, career opportunities and 
networking. Support is critical in building  
our workforce of today and for tomorrow. 
Drawing from my own experience in the 
workplace, I recognise that as a white woman 
and an executive, my role comes with privilege.  
I feel an enormous responsibility to help advance 
inclusion for other women by using that privilege 
and that power.”
To the fourth pillar, we added quantitative I&D-
related questions to our annual OHI survey to 
better track employee sentiment around our I&D 
performance. Furthermore, we began building a 
‘diversity dashboard’ that will enable us to measure 
relevant metrics and report our progress internally 
more regularly.
Overall, therefore, 2022 was a year of positive 
progress in the implementation of our I&D 
programme, though we do acknowledge that 
there is room for further advancing and 
accelerating our efforts on that front. As such,  
in 2023, we remain committed to accelerating  
our efforts by transitioning from an inclusion and 
diversity (I&D) approach to a more comprehensive 
diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging (DEIB) 
strategy. Our focus will be on increasing awareness 
of intersectional DEIB culture throughout the 
organisation, creating a DEIB roadmap and 
strategic agenda and setting DEIB targets. These 
initiatives will help us create a more inclusive, 
equitable and supportive workplace culture, one 
where all employees can thrive and contribute to 
the success of the organisation. 
“ At Trivium, we believe that diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging are essential for not only a healthy 
workplace culture and employee’s wellbeing but also for business success. We are committed to fostering 
an environment where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported regardless of their background or 
unique traits. By embracing this, we are better equipped to understand our customers, innovate, and 
achieve our goals. We recognize that this is an ongoing journey, and we are dedicated to continuously 
improving and striving for excellence."
Floor van Griensven, Trivium Chief People Officer
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
57
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
57
People

Page 58:
EMPLOYEE NUMBERS TOTAL EUROPE AMERICAS
Total 7,246 5,884 1,362
of which are female 1,256 1,123 133
Permanent 6,935 5,583 1,352
of which are female 1,181 1,050 131
Temporary 263 260 3
of which are female 62 62 0
Full-time 6,801 5,480 1,321
of which are female 1,106 977 129
Part-time 445 404 41
of which are female 150 146 4
GENDER REPRESENTATION 2020 2021 2022
Female Male Female Male Female Male
Total workforce 15% 85% 16% 84% 17% 83%
Manager level and above 23% 77% 24% 76% 18% 82%
Executive committee 22% 78% 22% 78% 33% 66%
Supervisory board 22% 78% 22% 78% 25% 75%
MINORITY GROUP REPRESENTATION (U.S.) 
1
2020 2021 2022
Total workforce 8% 14% 9%
Manager level and above 10% 10% 3%
Celebrating diversity 
during Women’s History 
Month
We have made it a priority to feature a diverse range 
of employee profiles on our communication 
platforms. 
In March, we celebrated Women’s History Month and 
International Women’s Day with a dedicated LinkedIn 
campaign. Throughout the month, 23 women from 
across Trivium shared their perspectives on how our 
society can increase the proportion of women in 
leadership positions. Other colleagues were able to 
take part in the discussion by liking, sharing and 
commenting on the posts.
1  Data from Europe is not reported and not available.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING 58
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 59:
Reinforcing our responsibility
To be a force for good in our industry, it is important that Trivium employees 
conduct their business ethically and responsibly. We remain highly committed 
to embedding and encouraging a culture of responsibility and integrity at every 
level of the organisation.  
Ethics and compliance
At Trivium, we believe in doing business in a fair 
and honest way, in protecting people and the 
environment, in treating each other with respect, 
and in safeguarding company information and 
assets. To enforce these values, we have a Code of 
Conduct in place that applies to everyone who 
works for Trivium, from employees to contractors, 
but also third parties conducting business on our 
behalf or in our name (e.g. agents, consultants), 
wherever in the world. The Code empowers us to 
‘do the right thing, in the right way, at the right 
time and for the right reason’. It also helps us 
maintain strict compliance to all applicable 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
We expect the same level of commitment from our 
customers, suppliers and other third parties with 
whom we conduct business. 
Our Code of Conduct defines ethical conduct in 
line with the key principles of leading governance 
bodies, including but not limited to the United 
Nations Global Compact, the Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights, the International Labour 
Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work and the ILO’s 
Tripartite Declaration of Principles Concerning 
Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy. In 
complying with these governing principles, we 
support (among other things) freedom of 
association and the recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining, the elimination of all forms of 
forced or compulsory labour, the abolition of child 
labour and the elimination of employment 
discrimination. For example, over 80% of our 
employees are covered by a collective bargaining 
agreement; across our production facilities, we aim 
to fully comply with all relevant local employment, 
environmental and health and safety laws; and we 
regularly review our human resources policies on 
issues such as parental leave, pension and 
minimum wage requirements.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
59
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 60:
We also take steps to promote awareness and a 
good understanding of our Code of Conduct within 
Trivium. By the end of 2022, 94% of all Trivium 
employees had certified their compliance with the 
Code, and 96% had completed an online training 
module that helps them understand how the 
principles of the Code apply in their daily work. 
More broadly, we regularly conduct function-
specific trainings aimed at raising awareness about 
ethics and compliance issues. Some of the topics 
covered in 2022 are personal data protection, 
competition law and anti-bribery and corruption.  
Whistleblower-programme
Trivium has an independent reporting whistle-
blower hotline available 24/7 in local languages, 
through which employees can report incidents 
they perceive to be in violation of our Code of 
Conduct, also anonymously. There is also a whistle-
blower procedure for Trivium’s suppliers who wish 
to raise a concern regarding a (suspicion of a) 
violation by Trivium or its employees of any laws or 
regulations or Trivium’s Code of Conduct. The 
various reporting channels and their procedural 
details are communicated proactively to 
stakeholders both online (e.g. via the Code of 
Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct) and offline 
(e.g. via posters in our manufacturing plants).
Within Trivium, a Compliance Committee 
composed of senior management from Trivium 
business units and functions is charged with 
monitoring compliance with the Code of Conduct 
and its associated policies, as well as processing 
and reviewing compliance violations that are 
reported directly or anonymously via the various 
reporting channels, including the whistleblower 
hotline. In 2022, we registered 37 reports of alleged 
Code of Conduct violations. All reported incidents 
were promptly investigated and the Compliance 
Committee took remedial actions where necessary. 
“ Encouraging people to be more environmentally aware at work, by minimising waste, participating in 
Clean-up days or conserving energy for example, often results in them repeating this behaviour when they 
go back home. As an HR professional, I therefore recognise the role I can play in inspiring my colleagues to 
be the best versions of themselves – not only in their workplace but also their private lives.”  
Florencia Castells Trivium HR Analyst Argentina
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
60
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SAFE, ENGAGED AND RESPONSIBLE WORKFORCE
People

Page 61:
People
We strive to be a sustainability leader – giving us the 
credibility, and responsibility, to both transform the 
entire metal packaging industry and inspire others to 
raise the bar for responsible business. In 2022, we 
continued to promote our mission by encouraging 
transparency within our operations, connecting with 
our communities and sharing our thought leadership 
among stakeholders around the world.
7
Stakeholder 
engagement
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
61
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 62:
Promoting transparency
Since our founding, we have been strongly committed to reporting 
transparently on our sustainability performance. Not only does such an 
emphasis help us to remain publicly accountable to our stakeholders,  
but it also challenges us to aim for and achieve industry-leading  
sustainability performance. 
In line with our targets for this pillar, we underwent 
reviews by two major external rating agencies this 
year: the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and 
EcoVadis. Both ratings agencies perform 
independent assessments of companies’ 
sustainability and/or ESG performance to 
encourage urgent action in support of a 
sustainable economy. 
In our third annual CDP assessment, we 
maintained our A- Leadership rating in the 
category of Water Security and scored a B on 
Climate Action, with both ratings putting us above 
the sector average. Meanwhile, EcoVadis awarded 
us a Platinum rating for the second year in a row, 
despite having raised the threshold in 2022. 
Trivium was among the top 1% of 100,000 
companies assessed during the year, an 
achievement of which we are extremely proud.  
In 2023, the bar for Platinum will once again be 
raised, making us more determined to improve our 
performance and demonstrate our commitment  
to excellence in sustainability. 
We have also tried to promote sustainability 
transparency through other channels. In June 2022, 
we published our second Sustainability Report, 
highlighting our activities during the 2021 calendar 
year, outlining our impact and introducing our 
value creation model. In March 2023, we received 
an ESG Risk Rating of 10.7 from Morningstar 
Sustainalytics and were assessed to be at low risk 
of experiencing material financial impacts from 
ESG factors.
1
 Importantly, we collaborated closely 
with customers to provide them with greater 
visibility on ESG performance across their broader 
supply chain (read about our collaboration with 
Hempel on next page). 
 
Transparency
World-class scores on major external 
sustainability ratings
Target 22022 2
2021 2
2020 1
1  In no event shall the Risk Rating be construed as investment advice or expert opinion as defined by the applicable legislations
TRIVIUM PACKAGING 62
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 63:
Beyond participating in external ratings, our 
commitment to transparency means informing 
and updating our customers about our 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance. Through such transparent reporting, 
we aim to help our customers gain a good 
understanding of how Trivium can help them 
achieve their own sustainability targets and 
commitments, so they can make well-informed 
purchasing decisions.
Our collaboration with one of our customers, 
Hempel, on their supplier sustainability screening 
exercise is a case in point. In formulating their 
approach to sustainable sourcing, Hempel has 
opted for an approach that both assesses their 
supply chain holistically (across product categories) 
and actively involves their suppliers as partners on 
a joint sustainability journey. Specifically, Hempel 
relies on best-practice governance frameworks 
such as EcoVadis for supply chain risk assessments, 
but further complements them with tailored, 
one-on-one touchpoints with their suppliers 
throughout the year. “A focus on ongoing dialogue 
is a conscious choice we made in order to drive 
impact”, says Dagny Nome, Hempel’s Procurement 
Sustainability Manager. “By taking the time to 
understand where each of our suppliers stand on 
sustainability, but also provide feedback to these 
suppliers, we aim to develop good visibility on, as 
well as reward, sustainability performance across 
our full supply chain.”
Promoting 
transparency  
in the supply 
chain
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
63
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202263
“ A focus on ongoing dialogue is a conscious 
choice we made in order to drive impact”
Dagny Nome Procurement Sustainability Manager Hempel
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 64:
Trivium’s sustainability and commercial teams 
participated in Hempel’s latest screening, working 
closely with Hempel’s procurement team on the 
sharing of current and historic environmental data 
at both group and plant level. Hempel compiled 
information from all its key suppliers and rated 
them, by category, on the basis of transparency 
and completeness of information. Within Trivium’s 
category (steel packaging), Trivium was ranked as 
number 1 of 35 suppliers, with a score of 89% 
relative to a category average of 41%.
“Our screening exercise brings us into contact with 
a wide group of people within our supplier 
companies and helps us create expert networks 
through which we can exchange best practices", 
says Dagny. "It’s important for us that our suppliers 
view these dialogues as an opportunity to align on 
a common sustainable vision for the future for our 
industry. It’s clear that Trivium understands this and 
shares our passion for driving real impact. We look 
forward to continuing our collaboration with 
Trivium on promoting transparency and advancing 
sustainability within our supply chain."
“ We’re proud to see our dedication to sustainability at Trivium 
clearly reflected in our scorecard, but we’re especially delighted 
to have the opportunity to engage with a like-minded 
organisation on what we can do even better to the benefit of 
our customers, planet and people. Working with Hempel means 
engaging in meaningful conversations on how we can bring 
about real impact across the value chain.”
SPOTLIGHT
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
64
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202264
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Omar El Nayal Trivium Senior Sustainability Affairs Manager
People

Page 65:
Caring for our communities
We see community engagement as a valuable part of our work at Trivium, 
helping us to better understand public perspectives on metal packaging and 
providing us with opportunities to raise its profile through meaningful 
dialogues. Moreover, our community engagement projects are popular with 
employees as a means of connecting with our purpose, making them a positive 
factor in attracting and retaining talented colleagues.
To encourage our plants to prioritise community 
engagement with impact, our target is for every 
Trivium location to implement at least one 
community project per year. We met this target 
again in 2022 with a 100% community 
engagement participation rate across Trivium. In 
total, Trivium locations around the world led 64 
community engagement initiatives tackling issues 
of relevance to the communities in which we 
operate, including Clean-up Days, Family Days, 
education and awareness-raising, recycling and 
waste management promotion, biodiversity 
protection, and local employment support.   
For example, 15 of our plants organised Clean-up 
Days in their local areas. In Leeuwarden, the 
Netherlands, our team focused on cleaning up the 
city’s canals, while in Madryn, Argentina, a beach 
clean-up was organised. Four of our plants invited 
students from nearby schools to various workshops 
and activities designed to embed sustainability in 
the mindset of the younger generations.  
In Pontevedra, Spain and Roanoke, United States, 
our plants collaborated on various initiatives 
targeting local employment, including supporting 
Red Cross trainings and working with the local 
government on aligning educational curriculums 
with hiring needs, respectively. Several plants also 
implemented recycling promotion programmes 
designed to raise employee awareness on how 
simple waste management practices can be 
integrated into everyone’s daily routines. In Itupeva, 
Brazil, for example, plant personnel compiled and 
published an ISO14001-inspired comic book to 
help colleagues learn more about environmental 
management systems and good recycling 
practices in an enjoyable and engaging way.
Care
Locations participating in at least one 
community engagement project per year
Target 2025 100%2022 100%
2021 100%
2020 90%
“ I’m pleased to be part of an 
organisation and group of employees 
who have been receptive in helping 
various charities within our local 
community. In addition to the Easter 
and Thanksgiving food drives, our 
employees raised money for Breast 
Cancer Awareness and our annual 
Salvation Army ‘gift tree' donations, 
bringing smiles to underprivileged 
children within our community.”   
David Floor Trivium Quality Assurance Manager, Weirton
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
65
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 66:
Inspiring our peers through 
thought leadership
To inspire and empower others within and beyond our industry, we strive to 
position ourselves at the forefront of global conversations around sustainability. 
By participating in industry associations, joining high-level conferences and 
coalitions and publishing Trivium’s research and insights, we aim to promote 
climate action and accelerate the transition to a circular economy.
Industry activity 
We are active participants in various groups 
bringing together leading players in the metal 
packaging industry. At the regional level, we are 
members of Metal Packaging Europe and 
AEROBAL in Europe, and the Can Manufacturers 
Institute in the United States. Participating in these 
associations helps us to remain up to date on the 
latest relevant regulatory developments so we can 
better support and guide our customers’ product 
development and compliance. It also provides us 
with a forum to make our voice heard and use our 
influence for the benefit of our wider society.  
In 2022, we committed to funding, until end of 
2024, the UK Aerosol Recycling Initiative launched 
by aluminium packaging recycling organisation 
Alupro. This programme aims to increase 
awareness and uptake of aerosol recycling across 
the United Kingdom in line with the progress 
needed to meet 2030 targets. Similarly, we 
partnered with the Can Manufacturers Institute 
and the Household and Commercial Products 
Association on launching an Aerosol Recycling 
Initiative in the United States, with a view to 
increasing aerosol recycling rates nationally and 
facilitating on-packaging messaging to help end 
users properly recycle their aerosol cans.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
66
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 67:
Cross-sector collaborations
A challenge as big as climate change can only be 
tackled through innovation, teamwork and cross-
sector mobilisation. As well as engaging with 
industry groups, Trivium therefore actively 
participates in partnerships beyond our own 
industry, meaning we can better leverage our 
combined power for the benefit of our planet and 
its people. This connects us with like-minded 
organisations and even provides some healthy 
competition to drive us to continuously improve 
our business practices. Importantly, these 
partnerships also enable the exchange of new 
packaging ideas and the sharing of best practices 
through open and honest dialogue.
In 2021, we joined the United Nations (UN) Global 
Compact, which promotes 10 fundamental 
corporate responsibilities in the areas of human 
rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. 
This reinforced our commitment to its principles; 
namely to engage in collaborative projects that 
advance the broader development goals of the UN 
(especially the SDGs) and to support and pursue 
transparency and public accountability. These 
principles have long been embedded in our 
strategy, culture and day-to-day operations at 
Trivium. In 2022, our Chief Sustainability Officer 
joined the Board of the Global Compact Network 
in the Netherlands.
We are also a member of the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development, whose 
Circular Sustainability Assessment for Packaging 
Workstream – co-chaired by Trivium’s Chief 
Sustainability Officer – launched a packaging 
sustainability framework known as SPHERE in 
2022. This new and comprehensive framework 
aims to help customers and consumers to analyse 
packaging’s full impact on the environment, 
enabling them to make more informed decisions.
We also aspire to support organisations that are 
intent on making a positive impact on the world. In 
2022, on behalf of our customers who completed 
Trivium’s annual satisfaction survey, we made a 
donation to the Bonneville Environmental 
Foundation (BEF), a US-based non-profit 
organisation that works on restoring freshwater 
ecosystems, increasing access to clean energy, and 
improving water and air quality for communities 
across the globe. Our $11,000 donation will be used 
by BEF to offset 880 metric tonnes of carbon 
emissions via various GHG abatement projects 
around the world.
“ We’re proud to have committed to supporting the UK Aerosol Recycling Initiative. The programme is crucial 
in driving further improvements in recycling and addressing consumer knowledge and the role of 
government and industry bodies.” 
Andrew Davies Trivium R&D Prototyping Specialist
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
67
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 68:
Knowledge-sharing
With our years of experience in metal packaging 
and circularity, we see it as our duty to share our 
knowledge and research with stakeholders. In this 
way, we can raise awareness and encourage 
well-informed decision-making, correct 
misconceptions that lead consumers to under- or 
overestimate the sustainability credentials of 
different packaging substrates and initiate research 
collaborations with other industry and non-industry 
parties on broader sustainability topics, including 
climate action.
Our target is to publish a minimum of two open-
access knowledge documents each year. We met 
this goal in 2022 with the publication of the 
SPHERE framework in February and our  
“2022 Global Buying Green Report” – a survey of 
consumer perceptions of sustainable packaging-  
in April. As well as sharing our insights through 
written reports, our experts took advantage of 15 
speaking opportunities at events and conferences 
during the year, including Sustainability LIVE, 
Plastic Waste Free World and the Greener 
Manufacturing Show. Our CEO also took part in 
Peace One Day’s Climate Action Live event in June, 
The Canmaker Summit in October and COP27 in 
Egypt in November, raising awareness of the 
environmental benefits of infinitely recyclable 
packaging solutions and taking part in broader 
sustainability dialogues.
Thought leadership
Open access knowledge documents 
published per year
Target 22022 2
2021 2
2020 2
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
68
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
People

Page 69:
Corporate 
governance8
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
69
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 70:
Legal structure and leadership
Trivium Packaging B.V. (‘Trivium’) was 
incorporated in the Netherlands on 8 July 2019. 
Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan Board (OTPP), 
through one of its controlled entities, holds a 
stake of approximately 58% while Ardagh Group 
S.A (‘Ardagh’) holds a stake of approximately 42% 
in Trivium. Trivium is jointly controlled by OTPP 
and Ardagh. Trivium has a dual-tier board 
structure consisting of a Supervisory Board and  
a Management Board.
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board supervises the general 
affairs and operations of Trivium, including the 
policies and guidelines of the company’s 
Management Board. The Supervisory Board has 
established an Audit Committee and a 
Compensation Committee.
The Audit Committee undertakes the following 
duties:
(i) Reviewing the reliability and integrity of 
Trivium’s accounting policies, financial 
statement reporting practices and financial 
statements;
(ii) Overseeing and reviewing Trivium’s 
independent auditor and internal audit 
functions;
(iii) Reviewing Trivium’s compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations insofar as they 
relate to Trivium’s financial statements and 
accounting and auditing practices; and
(iv) Reviewing certain related-party transactions 
within Trivium.
The Compensation Committee undertakes the 
following duties:
(i) Determining the compensation of the CEO 
and the Supervisory Board members of 
Trivium;
(ii) Evaluating the performance of the CEO, the 
Management Board members, the Senior 
Management team and the Senior Directors 
and Officers of other Trivium companies and 
reviewing and approving their compensation; 
and 
(iii) Overseeing and administering the 
management incentive plans of Trivium.
The members of the Supervisory Board are 
selected by the shareholders with due 
consideration to the relevant business experience 
each of them brings to the areas in which Trivium 
operates. Members of the supervisory board  as of 
March 7, 2023 are presented below. For more 
information about the composition of our board, 
directors’ profiles and the rules for the Supervisory 
Board and the committees, see our 2022 Report to 
Bondholders.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
70
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 71:
SUPERVISORY BOARD
Name Position Date of appointment Committee Independent director
Mr. Paul Coulson Chairman and Supervisory Director 03/01/2023 No
Mr. Rick Frier Vice-Chairman and Supervisory Director 31/10/2019 Audit (Chair) Yes
Mr. Mark Fleming Supervisory Director 23/02/2023 No
Ms. Debra Kelly-Ennis Supervisory Director 29/10/2020 Audit Yes
Mr. Ashfaq Qadri Supervisory Director 31/10/2019 Audit, Compensation No
Mr. John Sheehan Supervisory Director 26/5/2021 Audit, Compensation (Chair) No
Ms. Amanda Sourry Supervisory Director 30/10/2020 Compensation Yes
Mr. Blake Sumler Supervisory Director 19/11/2020 Compensation No
Management Board
Trivium‘s three-member Management Board comprises the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer.  
The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of Trivium. This is done consistent with the policies and guidelines provided  
for such management by the Supervisory Board.
MANAGEMENT BOARD
Name Position Date of appointment
Mr. Michael Mapes Chief Executive Officer and Director 31/10/2019
Mr. Stefan Siebert Chief Financial Officer and Director 31/10/2019
Ms. Charlotte van Meer Chief Legal Officer and Director 16/03/2020
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
71
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 72:
Risk management
At Trivium, risk management is an integral part of doing business and decision-
making, not only for safeguarding the business and assets of the Group but also 
for securing long-term performance and value creation. Risk Management is 
supported by a clear governance framework and is an essential element when 
business opportunities are assessed, and strategies are developed. A proactive 
approach ensures risk management is part of our executive conversations and 
is embedded in our decision-making processes, addressing potential threats 
and opportunities securing our ability to grow and be sustainable. 
The Management Board maintains a risk 
management framework and system of internal 
controls. This ensures an integrated approach to 
risk management and implementation of risk-
mitigating measures for the key risks, as identified 
by the Management Board, monitored by the 
Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee 
during the year through risk updates and reviews.
The Group’s appetite for risks varies per objective 
and type of risk:
 ■ Strategic Risks: Trivium Management is 
prepared to take reasonable risks to achieve its 
performance goals and objectives.
 ■  Operational Risks: Trivium management, with a 
commitment to environmental health and safety 
measures regarding its operating practices, 
strives to minimise any downside risk from any 
operational failures within its businesses.
 ■  Financial Risks: Trivium Management takes 
appropriate measures to ensure sufficient 
liquidity to effectively run its operating activities, 
fulfil its financing obligations, such as interest 
payments and debt repayments, and maintain its 
credit ratings. 
 ■  Compliance Risks: Trivium Management does 
not allow any of its employees to take 
compliance risks and takes appropriate measures 
in the event of breaches of its Code of Conduct. 
Trivium Management encourages and is 
committed to engaging in fair and vigorous 
competition while complying with all antitrust 
and competition laws worldwide.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
72
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 73:
Risk category, description and implications of risk Mitigation measures Likelihood Impact
Reference to relevant 
section on management 
approach and policies  
in this report
Economic impact of change in end-consumer demand and loss of 
customer relationships
Our customers sell to consumers of end-use categories which 
include beauty and personal care, beverage, food, home care and 
industrial, nutrition, paints and coatings, petfood, pharmaceutical, 
seafood, vitamins, supplements and over the counter packaging. If 
economic conditions, consumer preferences or other factors affect 
consumer demand in above categories, our customers may be 
affected, thus reducing the demand for our products.
Furthermore, the metal packaging sectors in which we operate are 
continually exposed to competition from other metal packaging 
producers based on factors such as price, innovation, design, quality 
and service. To the extent that any one or more of our competitors 
become more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, 
our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially and 
adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business. In addition, we are also subject to substantial competition 
from producers of packaging made from plastic, carton and 
composite materials.
We are mitigating these risks by actively 
maintaining strong relationships with a large 
portion of our customers through strategic 
multi-year supply arrangements of varying 
terms between two and ten years.
Low High  ■ Our role in society  
(page 7)
 ■ Advancing product 
safety and compliance 
(page 22)
 ■ Safeguarding product 
quality (page 24)
 ■ Innovating to lead  
(page 25)
Climate change
The presence of emissions like carbon dioxide and other greenhouse 
gases (‘GHG’) in the atmosphere is having an adverse impact on 
global temperatures, weather and precipitation patterns, and the 
frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. 
The impact of climate change, like weather changes, could result in 
damages to plant assets from climate events, reduced availability of 
inputs such as water or increased costs of such inputs, reduced 
product demand and/or transitional risks such as technological 
development, policy and regulatory change, and market and 
economic responses. Measures to address climate change through 
laws and regulations, for example, by requiring reductions in 
emissions of GHGs could additionally create economic risks and 
uncertainties for our businesses by increasing the cost of purchasing 
allowances or credits to meet emissions caps, the cost of abatement 
equipment to reduce emissions to comply with reduced GHG limits 
or required technological standards.
Environmental management is one of the 
priorities of Trivium's sustainability strategy. 
Trivium Management is mitigating these risks 
by continuously monitoring any potential 
impact of climate change and or legal and 
regulatory changes and is focused on 
reducing energy usage and emissions 
reduction, minimisation of water usage, and 
reducing waste. Current and future 
environmental regulations are being assessed, 
and cross-functional teams are assigned to 
implement needed actions.
High High  ■ Innovating to lead  
(page 25)
 ■ Adopting a holistic 
approach to 
environmental 
management (page 31)
 ■ Reducing carbon 
emissions from our 
operations (page 33)
 ■ Reducing Scope 3 
emissions (page 45)
Trivium Management has assessed and monitor the following major risks:
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
73
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 74:
Risk category, description and implications of risk Mitigation measures Likelihood Impact
Reference to relevant 
section on management 
approach and policies  
in this report
Compliance and regulations
We operate in the metal packaging industry, where strict laws and 
regulations are applicable, and failure to comply with them could 
lead to penalties, claims, and reputational damage. 
Frequent changes in the legal and regulatory environment tend to 
increase the risk of non-compliance with local and global laws and 
regulations. Furthermore, due to recent regulatory developments, law 
enforcement has increased over the past years, particularly regarding 
anti-bribery and corruption, fraud risks, competition and data privacy 
laws, and human rights. This leads to an increased risk of allegations 
of violations of laws and regulations by law enforcers and private 
parties. 
Trivium is committed to engaging in fair and 
vigorous competition while complying with all 
antitrust and competition laws worldwide. We 
take compliance with such laws very seriously 
and do not tolerate any breach of them. 
Trivium also has a compliance programme in 
place, which includes a policy framework, 
compliance resources, and training activities. 
We implemented a Code of Conduct and 
Competition Compliance Policy and 
Guidelines and trained our employees to 
comply with both. In addition, we enhanced 
our Compliance Framework in several ways 
for example by hiring additional resources 
with fundamental knowledge and experience.
Low Very high  ■ Advancing product 
safety and compliance 
(page 22)
 ■ Adopting a holistic 
approach to 
environmental 
management (page 31)
 ■ Promoting a responsible 
supply chain (page 41)
 ■ Reinforcing our 
responsibility (page 59)
 ■ Risk management  
(page 72) 
Geopolitical contestation
Global, regional or local economic and political uncertainties could 
impact Trivium's business and our customers. 
In particular, the risk of an economic recession, financial crisis, 
inflation, rising interest rates, foreign exchange devaluations, trade 
restrictions, devaluation, nationalisation, or social unrest could 
adversely impact consumer confidence, resulting in reduced 
spending on our customers' products and, thereby, reduced or 
postponed demand for our products. Moreover, constant changes in 
global economic conditions may reduce our ability to forecast 
developments in our industry and plan our operations and costs, 
resulting in operational inefficiencies.
Trivium is constantly monitoring external 
events and risks via the Enterprise Risk 
Management program to proactively monitor 
the risk and limit such events' impact on 
business. Special attention is paid to the 
availability of raw materials, supplier 
management, short-term liquidity 
management, tight foreign exchange 
monitoring, prudent balance sheet measures, 
an efficient operational cost focus, and 
scenario planning concerning resource 
allocation. 
Low High  ■ Risk management  
(page 72)
Health and safety
Trivium aims to provide a safe workplace for all employees and other 
related personnel at its various operational sites and offices.
Despite the several controls in place, Trivium workforce and other 
related personnel may be impacted by uncontrolled events in the 
office, plants, supply chain, or while delivering to our customers, 
which could lead to severe injuries, illness, or fatalities. 
Moreover, an ongoing volatile and uncertain global geopolitical 
environment as well as the recent pandemic experience has shown 
the importance of prioritising the mental health and well-being of 
employees as such events and circumstances can cause stressed 
working environments that  negatively impact employees' well-
being, social cohesion, and productivity. 
Trivium has established 'Zero Fatality' as its 
top priority for its workforce, contractors and 
visitors at all levels. Throughout the company, 
the Trivium life-saving rules target the 
activities that carry the most significant safety 
risks to employees and contractors. The 
health and safety commitment and strategy 
focuses on implementing programmes, 
processes, and tools to address key risks, 
including road safety and contractor safety, 
and developing strong health and safety 
leadership and culture. Furthermore, mental 
health has been identified as an emerging 
risk within the health area. Trivium has 
launched an internal well-being programme 
to address this risk, protect our employees, 
and ensure business continuity.
Low Very high  ■ Building a zero-harm 
safety culture (page 48)
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
74
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 75:
Risk category, description and implications of risk Mitigation measures Likelihood Impact
Reference to relevant 
section on management 
approach and policies  
in this report
Information technology
Trivium's business places heavy reliance on technology within its 
manufacturing sites, R&D centres as well as its offices. 
Failure of our IT systems due to various events, some of which are 
beyond our control, including natural disasters, power failures, 
terrorist attacks, equipment or software failures, computer viruses, or 
cyber security attacks, could lead to business disruption, loss of 
confidential information, unauthorised access to our data, increased 
costs, legal claims or proceedings and a breach of data privacy 
regulations. All of this might lead to financial or reputational damage.
IT availability and cybersecurity  remain the 
top priority for Trivium. Our IT availability and 
cybersecurity programme are regularly 
evaluated as part of our long-term IT strategy 
to ensure they remain fit for purpose. 
Integrated and standardised IT infrastructure, 
applications, up-to-date, stable IT systems, 
and backup processes are implemented and 
tested rigorously to minimise the IT 
unavailability and cybersecurity threats at all 
our operating sites and offices.
High Very high  ■ Risk management  
(page 72)
Developing Leadership, Talent, and Capabilities
Trivium is committed to shaping the metal packaging industry and 
doing what matters. To meet this ambition, we attract and retain a 
diverse workforce bringing a range of backgrounds, experience, and 
knowledge to share. 
However, Trivium operates in a very competitive market, and not 
being able to attract, develop and retain diverse and talented people 
and leaders with the required capabilities may jeopardize our ability 
to execute our strategy and achieve the targeted returns. 
Trivium constantly fosters a talent mindset 
and skill set in our leaders to build a full and 
diverse leadership pipeline. We ensure that 
our policies and procedures match our 
people strategy and robust talent attraction, 
selection, and development programmes and 
processes are in place. As part of the HR 
transformation, expected behaviours are 
deployed and reinforced through all key 
people processes and tools, including 
performance management, development 
plans, assessment, and recruitment. Moreover, 
Trivium has taken an intentional and scaled 
approach to capability building by identifying 
and developing critical strategic capabilities 
and harmonising our capability framework 
across the organisation. Our Inclusion & 
Diversion strategy includes transparent 
ambitions on gender balance, cultural 
diversity, and development for people 
managers.
High High  ■ Engaging our 
employees (page 51)
 ■ Prioritising leadership 
and functional 
capabilities 
development (page 54)
 ■ Creating an inclusive 
and diverse Trivium  
(page 56) 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
75
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 76:
Risk category, description and implications of risk Mitigation measures Likelihood Impact
Reference to relevant 
section on management 
approach and policies  
in this report
Supply chain
Disruptions to the supply chain could lead to the inability to deliver 
products to key customers, loss of revenue, increased costs, brand 
damage, and loss of market share. 
Significant changes in the availability or price of raw materials, 
commodities, transport, energy, and water may result in a shortage 
of those resources or increased costs, which Trivium may not be able 
to pass through to its customer resulting in lower margins.
The Enterprise Risk Management programme 
implements a proactive monitoring approach 
to monitor market conditions and respond 
appropriately. Business continuity and backup 
plans have been revisited to ensure they are 
fit for purpose and effective in mitigating any 
unexpected event. Business resilience is 
further strengthened by prioritising several 
strategic initiatives, long-term procurement 
contracts, water management plans, and 
central management of global insurance 
policies. Moreover, as Trivium operates in 
Europe countries that are exposed to the 
energy crisis, all our forward-looking 
sustainable initiatives, like moving away from 
natural gas, are prioritised. Where practical, 
we enter energy forward purchase contracts 
to cover most of the company’s upcoming 
12-month forecast energy consumption and 
evaluate the viability of longer-term 
agreements for subsequent years.
High Very high  ■ Promoting a responsible 
supply chain (page 41)
 ■ Risk management  
(page 72)
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
76
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 77:
Internal controls
The internal control framework is an integral part of 
Trivium’s overall assurance model. The objective of 
the internal controls framework is to protect 
Trivium assets and provide reasonable assurance 
over financial information, non-financial disclosures, 
compliance with applicable laws and internal 
policies, the effectiveness of internal processes by 
providing complete visibility on critical financial 
controls, and proactively managing risks in high-
risk economic areas. 
Internal controls are defined at the entity, process, 
and management level for critical processes, 
including financial reporting, Sales, Procurement, IT, 
and HR. Adherence to defined standards, policies, 
and internal control framework is periodically 
assessed to test the design and operating    
effectiveness of Internal Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (ICOFR). Deviations from the defined 
standards, policies, and internal controls are 
included in the global monitoring and follow-up 
processes, supporting management in addressing 
these deviations. The Trivium Management (Group 
and Local) is responsible for defining and timely 
implementing action plans to remediate any 
deficiencies identified in these assessments and 
assures by quarterly controls certification. The 
results are reported to the Executive Board and 
other stakeholders. The Trivium standard, policies, 
procedures, and controls are periodically updated 
to reflect the key risks and the extent to which 
Trivium can mitigate them.
Moreover, the internal control framework provides 
coordinated assurance with the internal audit 
framework supported by outsourced 
arrangements. The internal audit framework 
performs a risk assessment covering the internal 
operations, control environment of the Group and 
its external environment/trading conditions, and 
ongoing corporate strategy. Findings, 
recommendations, and observations are included 
in the annual Internal Audit Plan presented to the 
Audit Committee for approval.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
77
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 78:
Sustainability governance
Within Trivium, our CEO and CSO hold accountability and responsibility, 
respectively, for our company-wide sustainability strategy and its 
implementation, with oversight from the Supervisory Board and support  
from the Global Circulate Team (GCT). 
Trivium’s CEO, CSO and Executive Committee help 
ensure that Trivium remains an economically 
sustainable and socially responsible business, 
committed to reducing our environmental impact. 
Their work in this regard includes, but is not limited 
to, setting long-term sustainability targets and 
supporting the necessary investments in capital, 
systems and personnel; assessing and responding 
to sustainability-related operational risks and 
regulatory developments; conducting regular 
reviews of our sustainability performance; and 
engaging with stakeholders – including customers 
and suppliers – on sustainability risks and 
opportunities. In light of the increasing 
interconnectivity between product innovation and 
sustainability, the role of Global Senior Vice 
President Global Research and Development was 
added to the responsibilities of our CSO, further 
bolstering our focus on future-proof innovations. 
Our Supervisory Board provides leadership and 
strategic counsel to help propagate the principles 
of good corporate governance across the entire 
organisation. It also oversees the integrity, 
responsibility and transparency of Trivium’s 
decisions and actions, including those related to 
our sustainability strategy. In 2022, the Supervisory 
Board approved our Science-Based Target initiative 
(SBTi) plans and targets, which we have now 
submitted for validation.
The GCT, a sustainability standing group composed 
of environmental representatives from all our 
manufacturing plants, continues to support our 
CSO. The GCT defines, refines and drives the 
implementation of Trivium’s sustainability strategy 
across the business, which primarily involves 
ensuring that our Environmental Policy, 
Environmental Control Standards and standard 
operating procedures are upheld consistently 
across all our locations. The GCT also tracks plant-
level environmental performance and responds 
accordingly.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
78
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Page 79:
About this 
report9
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
79
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

Page 80:
Reporting approach and criteria
The 2022 Trivium Sustainability Report is Trivium’s 
third sustainability report and was published on  
26 May 2023. The report covers our sustainability 
performance during the 2022 calendar year and 
outlines the sustainability challenges and 
opportunities we faced. We also describe our 
sustainability management approach, policies, and 
overall strategy, which aims to transform us into the 
partner of choice for quality, innovative and 
sustainable metal packaging.
This report has been prepared with reference to 
the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI), and its GRI context index can be viewed here. 
We have also included additional information that 
we feel provides further insight into our 
sustainability activities, initiatives, and performance. 
Our value creation model (VCM) is based on the 
principles of the Value Reporting Foundation (VRF) 
and the International Integrated Reporting Council 
(IIRC). The VCM helps us communicate how we link 
our core business activities with our corporate 
responsibilities and highlights our impacts and 
long-term value creation. 
Scope and boundaries
Our Sustainability Report incorporates 
environmental, economic and social data relating 
to the worldwide operational activities of Trivium 
for the period 1 January 2022 through to 31 
December 2022. Data coverage encompasses a 
total of 51 production facilities across 19 countries, 
which Trivium operated during the full reporting 
period. During 2022, Trivium concluded that its 
presence in Russia was no longer viable given the 
current conflict environment. Consequently, in June 
2022, Trivium sold its sole operational plant in 
Vyazma. Data for Vyzma for January and February 
2022 is included in the report (i.e. from the start of 
the year to the outbreak of the conflict).
Environmental data from our nine standalone 
office facilities, such as Trivium’s headquarters in 
Schiphol, the Netherlands, are not included in this 
report. None of these facilities are involved in the 
production of our products and their resource and 
energy consumption is therefore considered 
negligible. For employee demographics, safety 
performance and other non-environmental 
sustainability indicators, data from office facilities 
has been included unless otherwise specified.
Quantitative data concerning environmental 
performance included in this report is collected 
using our Trivium Risk Inventory Management 
System (TRIMS). After submission to TRIMS, all 
plant-level data is consolidated and reviewed 
centrally to validate its accuracy. Remaining data, 
such as new product developments, employee 
diversity and composition, Organisational Health 
Index, supplier ESG ratings and local community 
engagements, were extracted from information 
management systems by the responsible business 
units or taken from standardised reporting 
questionnaires. All reported figures have been 
validated by their respective data owners.
Assurance 
All information provided within this Sustainability 
Report is subject to internal review. Our 
environmental data has been additionally verified 
by a third party, Research Institutes of Sweden AB 
(RISE), for the purpose of providing reasonable 
assurance. Assurance has been conducted in 
accordance with RISE’s own methodology, which 
itself is based on ISAE 3000, an internationally 
recognised and widely applied international 
assurance and audit standard for non-financial 
information disclosures. An assurance statement 
provided by RISE, including a comprehensive list of 
the sustainability indicators verified, is available 
here.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
80
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 81:
Materiality 
In the second and third quarters of 2022, we 
carried out a preliminary materiality assessment to 
identify our company’s most material issues, in 
anticipation of being subject to the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), which 
was adopted in October 2022. The process for this 
consisted of three steps that are detailed below.
Step 1: Determining relevant topics
We applied the preliminary definition of materiality 
to align with GRI requirements, while incorporating 
insights from other reporting initiatives and the 
provisional principle on double materiality 
announced by the CSRD at the time. For this 
report, the definition applied for a material topic  
is any topic that significantly influences the 
organisation or on which the organisation has a 
significant impact with its activities. This includes 
positive and negative and direct and indirect 
influences (risk/opportunity) and impact. Through a 
standards, peers, societal (industry associations, 
community, inter- non-governmental bodies and 
organisations and national and local authorities), 
trend and media analysis, we compiled a list of  
16 relevant topics.  All 15 topics of the previous 
materiality assessment in 2020 are covered in this 
list (see table on the next page), although some 
topics have been combined and some topics were 
added based on the relevance analysis. 
Step 2: Stakeholder consultation and 
prioritisation
The stakeholder consultation consisted of the 
consultation of internal representatives of our most 
important stakeholder groups (customers, 
employees, investors, suppliers) and internal 
stakeholders on management, director and 
executive level. The topics were prioritized 
following conversations with internal 
representatives of different stakeholder groups, 
based on the perceived significance of economic, 
environmental and social impact and the 
significance for the stakeholders.  This resulted in  
a ranking of the topics based on their impact 
relevance (see table on the next page).
Step 3: Materiality and urgency validation
The outcomes of the stakeholder consultations 
were validated by the project team. During this 
session the materiality of the six highest prioritised 
topics was analysed based on:
1. Level of embeddedness in the planning and 
control cycle (maturity), given stakeholders 
expectations of Trivium’s role and responsibility 
regarding the topics. 
2. Risk/opportunity assessment of the topics in 
relation to Trivium’s financial performance and 
possible impact.
The project group ranked and mapped the topics 
and urgency to address the topics in the 
management and control cycle, defining the 
reporting focus (material topics and level of 
disclosure), and the strategic focus (implications of 
urgency analysis for strategic agenda).
Step 4: Determine strategic focus
The final step was the validation and determination 
of materiality by the Management Board and 
members of the Supervisory Board. The six highly 
prioritised topics were validated as material with an 
urgency for strategic and reporting focus. These six 
topics (see table on the next page) are the topics 
reflected in this report. 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
81
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 82:
Overview of relevant and material topics in 2022 and 2020
Topics 2022 Topic 2020 Definition
(Ranked based on stakeholder consultations)
Product safety and 
compliance                                    
Product safety Making sure our products are safe for intended use by maintaining compliance to product safety 
regulations
Workplace safety and 
wellbeing
Workplace safety Implementing workplace health and safety measures to safeguard and improve employee physical 
health and mental wellbeing
Product quality -- Enhancing the technical performance of our products so that they (continue to) satisfy customer/
end consumer needs, serve their purpose, and meet or exceed industry standards
GHG emissions Carbon footprint/green energy Reducing the Global Greenhouse Gas (carbon) emissions from our own operations (manufacturing 
and transportation)
Product eco-design Sustainable innovation/recycled 
content
Reducing the environmental footprint of our products (e.g. through higher recycled content uptake, 
light-weighting, and designing for (higher) reusability and recyclability)
Leadership and functional 
capabilities development
Training Helping employees to grow professionally and further develop their capabilities and on-the-job 
skills
Corporate governance Reporting Being transparent in and accountable for the way we do business (e.g., committing to anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption, compliance transparency, fair tax payments, etc.)
Inclusion, diversity and equality Inclusion and diversity Establishing a diverse and inclusive work environment that offers equal opportunities and 
remuneration
Data privacy and security -- Protecting the intellectual property/data of our company and our stakeholders (including 
customers, suppliers and employees)
Community support Global and local charities Making positive environmental or societal impact on local communities through philanthropy, 
employee volunteering, awareness raising and/or capacity building initiatives
Knowledge-sharing and 
building on circularity 
Circular economy Engaging with intra and inter-industry stakeholders on advancing, promoting, and raising 
awareness about the circular economy and the role of metal packaging within it
Responsible and ethical supply 
chain
Sustainable supply chain Applying human rights standards across the supply chain, and collaborating with suppliers, to 
improve industry standards and working conditions
Product information and 
transparency
-- Providing stakeholders with honest and clear product information and transparent marketing and 
communication (e.g. origin of materials, sustainability attributes of products etc.)
Air pollution VOC management Reducing air pollutants (VOC emissions) from our manufacturing operations
Water consumption and 
pollution
Water management Reducing water consumption and water pollution within our operations
Waste Waste management Reducing and recycling waste produced by our operations
Note Topics in bold were identified as material in their respective year; all other topics were identified as relevant but not material. Topics in italics  are topics that appear in 2022 but not 2020.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
82
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 83:
The calculation methodology for the KPIs related to 
our six material topics is presented below.
Product safety and compliance
Based on the results of our 2022 materiality 
assessment, we introduced two new KPIs for 
‘product safety and compliance’:
 ■ Number of incidents of non-compliance with 
regulations concerning the health and safety 
impacts of our products and services 
 ■ Percentage of significant product categories 
assessed for health and safety impacts
For the first KPI, we only consider incidents that 
have resulted in fines or official warnings by 
authorities during the year. For the second KPI, we 
base our assessment on the presence of internal 
quality controls and safeguards (e.g. covering raw 
materials procured), combined with plant-level 
annual quality reviews with customers. 
Workplace safety and well-being
We assess our progress on ‘workplace health and 
safety’ through the following KPI:
 ■ Total recordable accident rate (TRAR) 
We define TRAR as the number of accidents that 
require medical treatment per 200,000 man-hours 
(around 100 full-time employees) per year. TRAR 
includes fatalities, lost time accidents, restricted 
work accidents, and medical treatment accidents. 
It covers all employees, including temporary 
workers and leased employees – but excludes 
contractors.
Signiﬁcance 
for 
stakeholders
Signiﬁcance of economic, environmental and social impact
Product
eco-design
Leadership
and functional
capabilities
development
GHG
emissions
Product
quality
Product
safety and
compliance
Workplace
safety and
wellbeing
1
4
5
2
6
987
3
10
MATERIALITY MATRIX
 Material topic
 Relevant but not material topic
1. Corporate governance
2. Product information transparency
3. Data privacy and security
4. Inclusion, diversity and equalitys
5. Community support 
6. Knowledge-sharing and building on circularity
7. Waste
8. Water consumption and pollution
9. Air pollution
10. Responsible and ethical supply chain
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
83
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 84:
Product quality
Based on the results of our 2022 materiality 
assessment, we introduced a new KPI for ‘product 
quality’:
 ■  Percentage of Trivium plants with a top-rated 
quality management system
Within Trivium, all plants have a third-party certified 
quality management system—namely: BRC/ISO 
22000/ISO 22715/ISO 9001. We define a top rating 
as AA or A+ for plants with BRC certification and 
‘no major findings/non-conformities’ for plants with 
ISO certification, based on the plant's most recently 
conducted audit.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions
We assess our progress on ‘GHG emissions’ using 
two KPIs:
 ■  Percentage reduction in Scope 1 and 2 CO2 
emissions vs 2020 baseline
 ■ Percentage reduction in Scope 3 CO2 emissions 
vs 2020 baseline
 
We measure our Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 
following the guidelines of the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol. Scope 1 refers to direct emissions from 
company-owned and company-controlled sources; 
Scope 2 refers to indirect emissions generated by 
the consumption of purchased electricity, steam, 
heating and cooling; Scope 3 refers to all other 
indirect emissions not included in Scope 2 that 
occur in a company’s value chain.
Product eco-design
We assess our progress on ‘product eco-design’ 
using two KPIs: 
 ■ Percentage of all new product developments 
that meet our eco-design standard
 ■ Percentage of sales revenue from eco-designed 
products
To assess whether new and/or existing products 
have been eco-designed, we use a proprietary 
eco-design tool that we launched in 2021. The tool 
uses the European Commission’s Product 
Environmental Footprint guidelines as a 
benchmark and assesses the sustainability 
performance of a product across nine pre-defined 
criteria (page 27). A product receives an eco-design 
designation if it fulfils at least one of these nine 
criteria, while also generating a higher overall score. 
We provide our R&D teams with guidance and 
support on eco-design ratings through ‘decision 
checklists’ and year-round training. 
For the second KPI, we adjusted our calculation in 
2022. In 2021, we limited our review to our 100 
best-selling products as a first step of our eco-
design programme roll-out. In 2022 we expanded 
our review to include all our products. 
Leadership and functional capabilities 
development
Based on the results of our 2022 materiality 
assessment, we introduced a new KPI for 
‘Leadership and functional capabilities 
development’:
 ■ Percentage of workforce who receive regular 
performance and career development reviews
Our KPI encompasses the entire Trivium workforce 
and we define “regular” as occurring at least once 
annually. Reviews can be conducted in person or 
online, take place between the employee and their 
manager(s), and have the goal of providing 
feedback on the employee’s performance during 
the past period as well as guidance on what to 
improve and/or focus on – in terms of the ‘what’ 
and the ‘how’ – in the period ahead.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
84
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 85:
Stakeholder engagement
We engage in active interactions and discussions 
with our stakeholders during the year. These 
engagements provide us with opportunities to 
better understand our stakeholders’ needs; align 
our sustainability strategy with their preferences to 
enhance our environmental and societal impact; 
and establish lasting partnerships with parties that 
can affect (and be affected by) our business. 
The table below provides examples of 
engagements that took place during the year with 
a subset of stakeholders whose interests we 
consider to be material (as determined by, among 
other things, their alignment with our values, 
objectives and expertise; their proximity to our 
operations; and their capacity and willingness to 
collaborate with us on sustainability issues). We aim 
to maintain an ongoing and constructive dialogue 
with these groups, at all levels of our company. 
Stakeholder group How we engaged Main topics of discussion
Customers Meetings, innovation sessions, surveys, conferences and tradeshows, 
sustainability report, website and social media, knowledge documents
 ■ Product stewardship and compliance (page 23)
 ■ Product eco-design (page 27)
 ■ Knowledge-sharing (page 68)
Employees Organisational Health Index survey, personal development reviews,
trainings and seminars, community engagement projects, company 
intranet, sustainability report
 ■ H&S awareness (page 49)
 ■ Organisational Health (page 51)
 ■ Training and development (page 54)
 ■ Performance management (page 55)
 ■ I&D programme (page 56)
 ■ Ethics and compliance (page 59)
Shareholders Report to bondholders, sustainability report  ■ Business review (page 18)
 ■ Our role in society (page 7)
Community Community engagement projects, volunteering, sustainability report  ■ Caring for our communities (page 65)
 ■ Limiting the ecological footprint of our operations (page 36)
 ■ Supplier ESG performance (page 41)
 ■ Ethics and compliance (page 59)
Suppliers Annual questionnaire, audits and assessments, meetings,  
sustainability report
 ■ Supplier ESG performance (page 41)
 ■ Green material collaborations (page 45)
 ■ Supply chain optimisation (page 46)
Industry associations  
and non-governmental 
organisations
Conferences, memberships, meetings, research collaborations, 
philanthropy, sponsorship
 ■ Promoting transparency (page 62)
 ■ Inspiring our peers through thought leadership (page 66)
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
85
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
ABOUT THIS REPORT

Page 86:
Glossary
A
Ability to Execute (A2E training programme): An internal capacity-building 
training programme, comprising several interactive e-learning sessions on a 
range of practical business skills.
AEROBAL: An international organisation representing manufacturers of 
aluminium aerosol cans.
Aerosol Recycling Initiative (UK): Trivium has committed to funding, until end 
of 2024, the UK Aerosol Recycling Initiative launched by aluminium packaging 
recycling organisation Alupro. This programme aims to increase awareness and 
uptake of aerosol recycling across the United Kingdom in line with the progress 
needed to meet 2030 targets. 
Alloy: A metal made by combining two or more metallic elements, especially 
to enhance strength or resilience.
Aluminium slug: An aluminium blank punched out of aluminium sheet coils in 
different shapes, used as extrusion blanks for tubes, cans and containers.
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas: An online risk-mapping platform operated by the 
World Resources Institute, which provides global coverage of 13 different 
indicators of physical, regulatory and reputational risks related to water. Trivium 
uses this resource to derive key insights on water-related risks – such as water 
stress and flood occurrence – in the locations where it operates.
B
Bisphenol A (BPA): A chemical compound mainly used in the manufacture of 
various plastics, as well as epoxy resins found in the protective coatings and 
linings of various food and beverage metal cans and vats.
Blue Book: The Trivium Blue Book is a collection of 16 initiatives that will serve 
as best practice for energy consumption reduction in Trivium’s European plants.
Brand Reputation Compliance Global Standards (BRCGS): An organisation 
that provides a framework to manage product safety, integrity, legality, quality 
and operational controls in the food, food ingredient, manufacturing, 
processing and packaging industries.
C 
Can Manufacturer’s Institute (CMI) : The national trade association of the 
metal can manufacturing industry and its suppliers in the US.
CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project): An international, non-profit 
organisation that helps companies and cities to disclose their environmental 
impact.
Circularity: A model of production and consumption that involves reusing, 
repairing and recycling existing materials and products for as long as possible.
Circularity Champion: Trivium’s overarching sustainability strategy to transform 
Trivium into the partner of choice for quality, sustainable packaging, 
underpinned by the three pillars of customer, planet and people.
Coil shearing: The act of cutting sheet metal to size out of a larger roll or flat 
stock.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
86
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
APPENDIX

Page 87:
Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT): A standardised reporting 
template (developed by the Responsible Minerals Initiative), that facilitates the 
transfer of material origin information through the supply chain.
COP27: The 2022 UN Climate Change Conference. Held in Sharm El Sheikh, 
Egypt, this summit brought together parties to accelerate action towards the 
goals of the Paris Agreement and UN Framework Convention on Climate 
Change.
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) : EU rules require large 
companies and listed companies to publish regular reports on the social and 
environmental risks they face, and on how their activities impact people and 
the environment.
E
Easy Open Ends (EOEs): One of the main closures Trivium uses for its cans. In 
2022, Trivium introduced the world’s lightest EOE of its kind to the market.
Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR) : The cornerstone of 
the European Commission’s approach to more environmentally sustainable  
and circular products. The proposal was published on 30 March 2022. 
EcoVadis: An international platform that assesses the material corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) impacts of different companies. 
Environmental Control Standards: A set of stringent specifications – in line 
with relevant legal and regulatory guidelines on environmental criteria – that 
define Trivium’s minimum requirements on a range of environmental topics.
Environmental, social and governance (ESG): The three central factors in 
measuring the sustainability and societal impact of a business.
F
Full-time equivalent (FTE): The equivalent of the number of employees with a 
full-time contract.
G
Global Buying Green Report: An annual open-access report published by 
Trivium featuring up-to-date research and data on consumer attitudes to 
sustainable packaging. The 2022 Buying Green Report is based on a survey of 
more than 15,000 end consumers across Europe, North America and South 
America.
Global Circulate Team (GCT): Trivium’s standing group on sustainability, 
composed of environmental representatives from various manufacturing 
plants. The GCT works on defining, refining and driving the implementation of 
Trivium’s sustainability strategy across the business. 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI): An organisation that publishes international 
standards for CSR reporting.
Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol): A multi-stakeholder partnership of 
businesses, non-governmental organisations, governments and others that 
develop internationally recognised GHG accounting and reporting standards.
I
International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) : An organisation that is 
responsible for international management standards such as ISO 14001, 50001, 
45001 and 9001.
ISAE 3000: An internationally recognised and widely applied international 
assurance and audit standard for non-financial information disclosures.
K
Key Performance Indicator (KPI): A quantifiable measure of performance over 
time for a specified objective.
L
Life-Saving Rules: 10 crucial rules that Trivium has introduced to help ensure 
that everyone working in or visiting its locations remains safe and free from 
injury. 
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
87
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
APPENDIX

Page 88:
M
Metal Packaging Europe (MPE): An industry association that gives Europe’s 
metal packaging industry a unified voice, and helps to promote the industry as 
a valuable contributor to sustainability throughout the supply chain.
O
Organisational Health Index (OHI): Trivium tracks its effectiveness, efficiency 
and employee engagement in an annual survey among employees. The results 
of this annual survey are aggregated into an OHI. 
P
Proposal for a Regulation on Packaging and Packaging Waste (PPWR): A set 
of proposed European Union regulations covering design and waste 
management of packaging, aimed at increasing the circularity of packaging 
and reducing packaging waste.
Paris Agreement: An international treaty on climate change, with the long-
term goal of limiting global warming below 1.5 degrees Celsius, compared to 
pre-industrial levels.
Peace One Day: A non-profit organisation that successfully campaigned for the 
adoption of the UN International Day of Peace on 21 September. Through its 
initiatives and collaborations, it encourages businesses and individuals across 
the world to reduce violence in the workplace, our communities and our 
environment. 
Plant Energy Reduction tool: A user-friendly system rolled out in 2022 that 
uses data from TRIMS to provide a detailed breakdown of each plant’s progress 
against our science-based targets.
Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) guidelines: A multi-criteria measure 
of the environmental performance of a good or service through its life cycle, 
created by the European Commission.
R
Regenerative thermal oxidizer (RTO): A unit for air pollution control that 
decompresses hazardous gases at a high temperature and releases them into 
the atmosphere.
Research Institutes of Sweden AB (RISE): A Swedish research institute, 
collaborating with universities, industry and the public sector to drive 
sustainable change.
S
Science-Based Target initiative (SBTi): An organisation that helps to drive 
positive climate action in the private sector by enabling businesses to set 
science-based emission reduction targets.
Scope 1 emissions: Direct GHG emissions occurring from sources that are 
owned or controlled by an organisation. 
Scope 2 emissions: Indirect GHG emissions associated with the purchase of 
electricity, steam, heat or cooling.
Scope 3 emissions: Other direct GHG emissions that are a consequence of the 
company’s activities, but which do not come from sources owned or controlled 
by the organisation. 
Substrate: A material or surface on which processing is conducted.
Sustainability in Packaging Holistic Evaluation for Decision-Making 
(SPHERE) framework: A comprehensive tool that helps to analyse the full 
impact of packaging on the environment.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
88
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
APPENDIX

Page 89:
T
Tinplate: Sheet steel or iron coated with tin.
Trimming: The process of cutting excess material from an object.
Trivium Business System (TBS): A system that underpins Trivium’s approach to 
the standardisation of excellence across its administrative, commercial, 
operational, procurement and supply chain activities.
Trivium Risk Inventory Management System (TRIMS) : An internal reporting 
system that allows Trivium to track its environmental footprint and document 
its environmental incidents. Trivium’s plants submit their environmental data to 
TRIMS every month.
Trivium University: Built under Trivium’s Learning Management System, 
Trivium University is planned to be a central, on-demand repository of training 
programmes and teaching materials. 
U
United Nations Global Compact: A United Nations initiative that promotes 10 
fundamental corporate responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labour, the 
environment and anti-corruption. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) : A collection of 17 
interlinked goals to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure prosperity for 
all, as part of a sustainable development agenda.
V
Value Creation Model (VCM): Trivium’s VCM defines all the ways in which the 
company transforms its assets to create value for its stakeholders, and how the 
business intends to act as a force for good in the world.
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs): Compounds that have high vapour 
pressure and low water solubility. Some VOCs are harmful to human health or 
react with gases in the air to form pollutants. 
W
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) : An 
organisation of over 200 international companies aiming to accelerate global 
system transformation towards a net-zero future.
World Resources Institute (WRI): A global research non-profit organisation 
that works with governments, businesses, multilateral institutions and civil 
society groups to develop practical solutions that improve people’s lives.
World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Biodiversity Risk Filter : An online 
screening tool that enables companies to assess the extent to which their 
manufacturing locations are situated in areas of high biodiversity risk. A high 
physical score is driven by a high dependence on ecosystem services or high 
impact on pressures on biodiversity, as well as by compromised ecosystem 
services or high existing pressures on biodiversity at the site locations.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
89
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022
APPENDIX

Page 90:
Colophon
Contact
Trivium Packaging B.V. head office
WTC Schiphol, Tower B, 5th floor
Schiphol Boulevard 149
1118 BG Schiphol
The Netherlands
T: +31 570 682 000
For questions and comments  
about this report, please contact  
our sustainability team at  
sustainability@triviumpackaging.com
Concept and graphic design
CF Report, Amsterdam, the Netherlands
CSR consultancy
Sinzer - Grant Thornton 
Copywriting
Narrative Labs, The Hague, the Netherlands
Photography
Trivium Packaging B.V.
Disclaimer
Although all reasonable and diligent care has been used to ensure that the  information provided in this report is accurate, 
complete and up-to-date, nothing contained herein shall, or may, be construed to imply any representation or warranty of any 
kind, including but not limited to, any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of this 
information or non-infringement of any third party (intellectual property or proprietary) rights. Trivium Packaging has no 
obligation to update any statements contained in this report, unless required by applicable law.
TRIVIUM PACKAGING
90
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022

