Page 1:
2022 Corporate Responsibility Report2022 Corporate Responsibility Report

Page 2:
Our mission at uniQure is Our mission at uniQure is 
to reimagine the future to reimagine the future 
of medicine by delivering of medicine by delivering 
innovative cures that innovative cures that 
transform human lives.transform human lives.
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
← Front Cover: 
Charles / Huntington’s Disease  
Community Advocate
Ron / Hemophilia B  
Clinical Trial Participant
Jesse / Huntington’s Disease  
Community Advocate
Rob / Hemophilia B  
Clinical Trial Participant


Page 3:
Last year, we celebrated the historic approval of HEMGENIX ®, 
our second internally developed gene therapy to be licensed 
and the world’s first gene therapy for patients living with 
hemophilia B. The approval of HEMGENIX® represents a 
major milestone in the field of genomic medicine and delivers 
on our promise of providing people with hemophilia B the 
possibility of being liberated from burdensome infusions and 
an ability to unlock the potential in their daily lives. Also in 
2022, we completed enrollment of our U.S. Phase I/II trial in 
Huntington’s disease, a devastating disease, and announced 
encouraging initial data from this important study. 
These accomplishments could not have been possible 
without our 500+ valued employees. Our people are 
what make uniQure special and are essential to our 
business success. I am profoundly grateful for their 
tireless commitment and dedication which have enabled 
us to successfully overcome numerous challenges. I am 
extremely proud of what we have achieved together and 
highly confident we will continue to accomplish many more 
important milestones in the future. 
With the same passion we have for developing transformative 
therapies for people living with serious diseases, we are 
committing ourselves to making a difference for all our 
stakeholders – our patients, our employees, our communities 
and our earth. Our approach and efforts to corporate 
responsibility continue to expand as we grow and the world 
changes around us. 
Last year, we established an environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) committee to provide oversight and to 
ensure that we develop the right programs and policies  
across our organization. This Committee, which is chaired  
by me and comprises both executives and staff across  
our organization, is key to advancing our corporate 
responsibility strategy.
The Committee is currently focused on the  
following priorities:
– Community Outreach — supporting the  
 patients whom we serve and the communities  
 in which we work
– Diversity, Equity & Inclusion — fostering an  
 inclusive culture and diverse workforce
– Employee Wellness & Engagement — investing in  
 our employees’ health, growth and success
– Environmental Impact — improving the  
 sustainability of our planet
In our inaugural corporate responsibility report, we aim 
to show how our work is favorably impacting all our 
stakeholders. We are just beginning with our efforts on 
corporate responsibility reporting, and as such, we expect  
to continuously improve transparency, establish targets  
and track our performance. 
Breakthrough science and innovation have never been  
more important, and I am incredibly excited about  
uniQure’s future as we build upon our successes to help  
more patients and beyond.
Matt Kapusta
Chief Executive Officer
In 2023, uniQure marks its 25th anniversary, In 2023, uniQure marks its 25th anniversary, 
and in doing so, we proudly commemorate and in doing so, we proudly commemorate 
our achievements while holding tremendous our achievements while holding tremendous 
excitement for our future. Our vision in 1998 excitement for our future. Our vision in 1998 
was to harness the power of genetics to was to harness the power of genetics to 
deliver a new class of medicines that have deliver a new class of medicines that have 
the potential to transform the lives of the the potential to transform the lives of the 
patients we serve. Today, this dawn of a new patients we serve. Today, this dawn of a new 
era in gene therapy has arrived.era in gene therapy has arrived.
A Message From Our CEOA Message From Our CEO
uniQureuniQure       //      2022 Corporate Responsibility Report2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
22 3
HEMGENIX ® is a registered trademark of CSL Behring.


Page 4:
We aspire to ensure that our employees feel they can  
be their authentic selves at work and thus derive more 
meaning and purpose from the work that they do.  
As our own company name suggests, by embracing our 
“unique” qualities, we stand strong as “One uniQure.” 
As a small but rapidly growing biotech, we believe in 
celebrating our differences. We believe that our diversity 
of backgrounds whether it be race, country of origin, 
gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, or any one  
of the many differences that make us each unique, 
enables us to harness the best minds in the industry  
to fuel our mission to bring transformative gene 
therapies to patients and their families.
At uniQure, we are aware that the past contains  
many inequities that led to an unbalanced environment 
both in science and in the societies in which we live.  
As a result, we actively encourage women who 
previously were underrepresented in the STEM fields. 
We also support groups which raise awareness of 
unequal treatment of people in our societies, such as  
the recognition of Black History Month.
At uniQure we are dedicated to championing a culture 
that celebrates diversity in all of its forms. uniQure 
believes that by harnessing the power of our differences, 
backgrounds and journeys, we stand to make an even 
greater impact in the scientific, patient, and wider 
communities in which we participate.
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
4 5
Embracing 
diversity, equity 
and inclusion


Page 5:
THE NETHERLANDS
SWITZERLANDUSA
● Gender and 
  Ethnic Diversity
● Gender and   
 Ethnic Diversity
LEADERSHIP TEAM 
DIVERSITY
BOARD OF DIRECTOR 
DIVERSITY
30%
33%
We seek to actively recruit and retain diversity on our 
board and leadership team as we believe that diversity in 
backgrounds, experiences and opinions leads to optimal 
business success. 
In 2022, we recognized the outstanding work of our 
employees through promotions that represented just under 
14 percent of our global headcount.
We are committed to paying our employees fairly, regardless 
of their gender, race or other personal characteristics.  
To ensure we are achieving our objective, we benchmark  
and evaluate pay based on market data and consider  
factors such as an employee’s role and experience, employee 
performance and internal equity. We audit annually our  
pay grades and ranges for these equity purposes.  
For 2022, below the leadership team, the data were nearly 
indistinguishable and well within the statistical mean.
GLOBAL EMPLOYEE 
POPULATION
PROMOTION POPULATION
● 54% Female 
● 46% Male
● 59% Female 
● 41% Male
BY GENDER
● 91%  Assoc Director & Below 
● 9%  Director & Above
BY LEVEL
2022  
GENDER BALANCE  
ACROSS THE  
ORGANIZATION
uniQure supports employee-driven initiatives that celebrate 
diversity, equity, and inclusion. In 2022, we introduced a  
new annual tradition of celebrating Diwali, the Hindu festival  
of lights. Additionally, uniQure celebrates Lunar New  
Year, observed in many countries across Asia. In doing this,  
we strive to be as inclusive as possible, to make our  
employees feel that not only are they understood, but  
that their colleagues are being given an opportunity to learn 
about their differences and perspectives on the world. 
Celebrations globally share something that everyone can 
relate to: delicious food and holiday treats, no matter which 
holidays you happen to celebrate. We strongly encourage 
everyone to share food as often as possible. 
uniQueer is an employee-driven LGBTQIA initiative  
which in 2023 will continue to drive visibility during 
Amsterdam’s Pride parade — with a float-boat in the iconic 
canals. We also acknowledge and honor national Coming  
Out Day and Pride month.
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
7 6
UNIQURE EMPLOYEES HAIL FROM MORE THAN  
50 DIFFERENT COUNTRIES ALL OVER THE WORLD:
Australia • Bangladesh • Bosnia and Herzegovina • Brazil • Bulgaria • Canada   
China • Colombia • Congo • Costa Rica • Croatia • Czech Republic • Finland • France 
Germany • Greece • Hong Kong • Hungary • India • Indonesia • Iran • Ireland • Israel   
Italy • Latvia • Malta • Mexico • Nepal • The Netherlands • New Zealand • Pakistan  
Peru • Poland • Portugal • Romania • Russia • Serbia • Sint Maarten • South Africa   
Spain • Sri Lanka • Sudan • Suriname • Sweden • Switzerland • Thailand • Turkey • UK  
Ukraine • USA • Vietnam


Page 6:
8 9
Beyond a company-level response, we were also able to 
evaluate the data in each of our three largest business 
units along with differences among views by our U.S. 
and European locations. These data insights allow the 
leaders of our various groups to undertake more targeted 
initiatives for their organizations.
In 2023, we will engage employee focus groups to explore 
certain categories in greater depth. We will conduct this 
survey annually so that we may see the impact of our 
initiatives, as well as responding in real time to data that 
trends higher or lower, year over year.
Additionally, as a result of feedback received from 
our culture survey and under the guidance of our 
ESG committee, we will execute on two new social 
actions in 2023:  
–– A “Day of Volunteering” across uniQure to  
 enable our employees to take hands-on action  
 impacting  communities of their choice.  
–– A modest financial match for employee  
 contributions to public health initiatives across  
  the globe.
In 2022, we conducted our first comprehensive  
company-wide culture and engagement survey. As a 
data-driven organization, this initiative was critical  
to our understanding of our “baseline” employee 
engagement. We are very pleased to have achieved  
an 83% employee participation rate which is above 
industry standards for surveys of this kind. In the  
survey, we asked over 85 questions across eight  
different topics including Growth and Development,  
DE&I, Senior Leadership, Recognition and Values.  
We are proud to report that our DE&I category earned  
the highest ranking among our employees.
In the Netherlands, a works council is a support structure  
for employee participation within a business that is built to 
protect and promote an employee’s position in the company.  
A company that employs more than 50 people is under 
obligation to form a works council.
The works council acts to ensure employee participation  
in both the daily operations of a company and the decision  
making for the company’s future direction. The purpose  
of such a council is to benefit both the employer and 
employees, through both representation in the workplace  
and having a forum in which constructive feedback  
can allow the business to progress.
ONE  
uniQure
uniQure draws on its deep roots  uniQure draws on its deep roots  
as a Dutch company as we expand as a Dutch company as we expand 
across the globe. uniQure now across the globe. uniQure now 
has more than 300 employees in has more than 300 employees in 
our Amsterdam, The Netherlands our Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and Basel, Switzerland offices and Basel, Switzerland offices 
and approximately 225 employees and approximately 225 employees 
in the U.S. While we have in the U.S. While we have 
locations that serve as centers of locations that serve as centers of 
excellence, there are employees excellence, there are employees 
that fit into each of our business that fit into each of our business 
units in all of our locations.  units in all of our locations.  
This breadth allows uniQure to pull This breadth allows uniQure to pull 
on many locations to obtain the on many locations to obtain the 
top-level talent that we need.top-level talent that we need.
Enhancing 
culture  
and employee 
wellness
Our values define our culture. They unite  Our values define our culture. They unite  
us and drive us forward to realize our  us and drive us forward to realize our  
vision. These values start with a passion for  vision. These values start with a passion for  
the patient. With that passion guiding us  the patient. With that passion guiding us  
in all that we do, we strive to always act with in all that we do, we strive to always act with 
integrity and respect, take ownership in  integrity and respect, take ownership in  
our actions, maintain a sense of  our actions, maintain a sense of  
urgency, innovate every day and focus  urgency, innovate every day and focus  
relentlessly on quality.relentlessly on quality.
LISTENING TO OUR EMPLOYEE VOICES ALIGNING SHARED INTERESTS
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
UNIQURE EMPLOYEES  
AT THE 2022 CELEBRATION 
OF DIWALI


Page 7:
10 11
COMPENSATION, BENEFITS AND 
TALENT RETENTION 
At uniQure, we offer competitive salaries  
and a comprehensive benefits package  
that are designed to attract and retain  
bright, talented people. While they vary by 
location, below are a few of the benefits 
offered to our employees:
••  Medical, Dental, and Vision plans with the 
  majority of premiums paid by the company
•• Stock Options and Bonus programs
•• Flexible work schedules and hybrid office-  
 remote work arrangements  
 
•• 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with  
 company match
•• Generous paid time off with up to four 
  weeks of vacation, plus holidays
•• Year-end holiday shutdown for non-  
 essential, on-site employees
•• 100% company-paid life insurance and 
  short-term and long-term disability
•• Dependent Care and Health Flexible  
 Spending Accounts
•• Tuition Reimbursement
•• Financial support for full-time  
 commuters
SUPPORTING EMPLOYEE  
WELL BEING 
In addition to our benefits, we offer  
a range of industry-leading wellness  
and stress management initiatives  
and programs. These include:
•• On-site gyms in select locations 
•• Company-wide fitness challenges 
•• Partial fitness membership  
 reimbursement
••  Regular wellness tips and  
 resources shared with employees  
 each month
••  An Employee Assistance Program  
 (EAP) with phone, online and face-to- 
 face counseling sessions
•• Mental and behavioral health  
 benefits through our healthcare  
 insurance
•• Online resources through LinkedIn  
 Learning on topics such as  
 work-life integration, avoiding  
 burnout, managing stress and  
 working from home
•• Flexible work schedules
•• Access to Calm Business digital app  
 for overall well-being
INVESTING IN OUR 
EMPLOYEES – LEADERSHIP 
AND ORGANIZATIONAL 
DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES 
In 2022, we undertook a company-
wide initiative to have all of our 
employees participate in an 
“Insights” personality assessment. 
Insights is a fun way for employees 
to learn about their own 
communication preferences and 
those of their teammates. Insights 
is a key tool for uniQure to develop 
a common language across the 
business as we continually work  
in a network of cross functional 
teams. Insights allows for 
departmental teams and other 
global teams a “short cut” for 
understanding key communication 
differences and similarities. 
LinkedIn Learning also became a 
new benefit offering in 2022 to  
help meet the myriad of training 
needs across the organization.
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 
Employee Activity Committees lead site-specific 
celebrations and various social events aimed at 
bringing employees together in fun, collaborative 
ways throughout the year. 
EMPLOYEE RECOGNITION 
At uniQure, our people are the most important 
factor in our success. While we seek to recognize 
growth through semi-annual promotion  
cycles, ongoing recognition and gratitude for 
exceptional contributions is a key area of focus. 
Any employee can nominate a fellow employee  
for a “Spot Award,” a meaningful moment for 
timely acknowledgement. At our site meetings,  
we encourage an open conversation for  
“Shout Outs” to recognize teams and individuals 
for their accomplishments. In addition, we use  
our Global Town Hall meetings to welcome newly 
hired employees and celebrate longstanding 
employee tenure.
TEAM HOPE WALK 2022
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report


Page 8:
Transforming lives is at the  Transforming lives is at the  
heart of what we do.  heart of what we do.  
Patients are everything to us — Patients are everything to us — 
they are why we are here.they are why we are here.
We are fully committed in our pursuit to create innovative, 
transformative gene therapies for people with serious diseases. 
We know that understanding the personal experiences of 
patient communities helps us advance our research and clinical 
programs. We maintain an open dialogue with patient community 
organizations and advocacy groups to learn from them, and we 
use this knowledge to help guide our efforts.
We welcome patient speakers and the patient community into 
our organization on a regular basis, providing opportunities  
for direct learning engagement with employees and serving as a 
reminder of why we are here and what we are working towards.
We are proud of our efforts to help sponsor important 
community programming and events by awarding grants and 
sponsorships that allow these organizations to excel at what 
they do. Collaborating with groups like the Huntington’s Disease 
Society of America and the European Huntington Association 
are excellent opportunities to educate the patient community 
about gene therapy and its potential to treat this devastating 
neurodegenerative disease. 
Patient and caregiver 
advisory boards are 
powerful ways to hear 
and learn directly 
from the community 
to help uniQure 
shape its programs in 
important ways.
Supporting 
patients and the 
community
TEAM HOPE WALK 2022
PATIENT ADVISORY BOARDJESSE / HUNTINGTON’S DISEASE 
COMMUNITY ADVOCATE
1312
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
ROB, A FORMER 
CLINICAL TRIAL 
PARTICIPANT, 
TALKS WITH OUR 
EMPLOYEES IN 
DECEMBER 2021


Page 9:
Through efficient manufacturing processes, we focus on 
reducing water use and minimizing waste. We have an 
established hazardous waste program, and conduct annual 
training on proper waste handling and disposal. We have an 
authorized waste removal company for all hazardous and 
biological waste to ensure proper disposal, and all plastic 
and biological waste is recycled. We also have a waste 
neutralization system for liquid waste to prevent unintentional 
discharges outside of permissible pH levels.  
All cardboard used in our facilities is separated and  
recycled, and our waste removal company utilizes a single-
stream processor for efficient separation of waste and  
recycle streams.
ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION PREVENTION
Our facilities are manufacturing and handling Advanced 
Therapy Medicinal Products. We are in compliance with the 
national and regional legislation for these activities. We use 
our long-standing experience with these products and apply 
the best known practices in pharmaceutical industry to 
ensure employees and the environment are fully protected. 
In the event of accidents, assessments are undertaken and 
preventive or corrective actions implemented.
Other Sustainability Measures
•• Working from home policies 
•• Promotion of public transportation
•• Green purchasing program
We are committed to doing everything We are committed to doing everything 
possible to operate more efficiently, possible to operate more efficiently, 
minimize waste, and reduce consumption minimize waste, and reduce consumption 
and emissions.  and emissions.  
Our business is growing, and we continue  Our business is growing, and we continue  
to take actions across our operations  to take actions across our operations  
to minimize our environmental footprint and to minimize our environmental footprint and 
ensure the highest standard of workplace ensure the highest standard of workplace 
health and safety.  health and safety.  
Acting with Acting with 
Stewardship Stewardship 
of the of the 
EnvironmentEnvironment
MANAGING WATER AND MINIMIZING WASTE
We have sensors on all light switches, and all 
overhead lighting has been upgraded to low- 
voltage LED throughout our facilities. HVAC and 
lighting enters an unoccupied state after hours to 
minimize electric and gas requirements, and we 
have an energy recovery system for manufacturing 
HVAC to pre-heat or cool incoming air to reduce 
electricity consumption.  We also installed  
seasonal thermal energy storage to heat and cool 
down our Amsterdam facility. 
ENERGY CONSERVATION  
14
ENSURING WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY 
We strive to protect the health and safety of all employees, 
contractors and visitors. We are also committed to 
providing an injury-free workplace. The company maintains 
workplace health and safety requirements that are equal to 
or exceeding best practices in the industry. 
•• Detailed new-hire safety training is provided to all  
 employees outlining safety practices and policies in the 
 office and laboratory. 
•• Job Hazard Analysis (JHA) is performed for all new  
 process changes to proactively identify potential  
 hazards and implement appropriate controls and safety 
 measures as required.
•• Department-specific annual safety training is provided  
 to reinforce safety principles and remind staff of hazards 
 specific to their job function. 
•• Additional safety trainings and measures are made  
 available to all staff to improve overall awareness and  
 health throughout the year.  
Our holistic approach to safety across the  
company has consistently produced exceptional safety 
metrics which are highlighted below for 2022:
•• Four recordable incidents 
•• No work-related time loss incidents
•• Total recordable incident rate: 0.85
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report
15


Page 10:
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE HOTLINE 
Our anonymous and confidential 24-hour 
hotline can be accessed by phone or online 
to report concerns. This hotline is monitored 
by a third party and sends reports directly 
to members of the executive team and to 
our Audit committee chair. Any reports 
are referred to the Audit Committee and 
followed-up on thoroughly.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Our Board of Directors is committed to effective corporate 
governance and represents the interests of uniQure and its 
stockholders by providing guidance and strategic oversight 
to optimize long-term value. Eight of our nine directors 
are independent, and three of nine directors are gender or 
ethnically diverse.
In 2022, the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee of the Board expanded its oversight to corporate 
responsibility and ESG-related matters. As we are just 
beginning our initiatives in these areas and building our 
practice of transparency in reporting, Board oversight ensures 
that we prioritize corporate responsibility through our actions.  
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 
We strive to achieve and maintain the highest level of  
integrity and ethics across all our business operations and 
interactions with our stakeholders. We are guided by our 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which applies to all 
employees, including executive officers, and all members 
of our Board of Directors. In this Code, we outline our 
commitment to comply with relevant laws and regulations  
in our global operations.  
All employees receive annual training on the Code of  
Business Conduct and Ethics, insider training, and other 
corporate policies, and execute an acknowledgment  
on an annual basis.
We are committed to high legal and ethical 
standards and adhering to those standards 
is of significant importance to us and our 
employees. We use a clear governance 
structure to oversee every aspect of our 
operations and ensure we act with integrity 
while pursuing our business objectives.
Leading through 
corporate governance 
and business integrity
MATERIAL TOPICS RELATED TO  
GOVERNANCE AND INTEGRITY
KEY PRIORITIES IN 2023  
• Further promoting diversity and 
  inclusion, reflecting the company’s 
  commitment to fostering a  
 workplace that values diversity. 
• Further development of our ESG 
  programs at both the Board and the 
  Company level.
• Further development of governance 
  practice throughout uniQure to 
  facilitate an engaged and empowered 
  employee culture.
•• Data security and privacy
•• Product safety and quality management
•• Supply chain management
16
uniQure    /   2022 Corporate Responsibility Report

Page 11:
uniQure Inc.uniQure Inc.
113 Hartwell Avenue113 Hartwell Avenue
Lexington, MA 02421Lexington, MA 02421
United StatesUnited States
uniQure N.V.uniQure N.V.
Paasheuvelweg 25aPaasheuvelweg 25a
1105BP Amsterdam1105BP Amsterdam
The NetherlandsThe Netherlands
uniQure (Corlieve Therapeutics AG)uniQure (Corlieve Therapeutics AG)
Swiss Innovation ParkSwiss Innovation Park
Hegenheimermattweg-167AHegenheimermattweg-167A
4123 Allschwil 4123 Allschwil  
SwitzerlandSwitzerland
uniqure.comuniqure.com

