Page 1:
The future 
of food
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 2:
3
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Index
06 CEO statement
10 The food system transition
12 Plant-based growth opportunity
16	 Upfield	at	a	glance	
18 Our strategy 
20	 Impact	highlights	
22 A four-year journey 
24 Our business 
26 A global footprint 
28 How we work 
32	 The 	value	chain	
33 Our stakeholders 
34 Materiality 
36 Four	focused	pillars
38 Our sustainability strategy 
40 Progress on our purpose 
44 Plant-based growth 
48 Healthier lives 
52 Happier people 
56 Better planet 
60	 Governance 	
62	 Actions	we	are	taking
64 Our leadership 
66 End notes
Transforming our products, 
platform and performance  
to reshape the food system.
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Global leader in 
plant-based food.

Page 3:
*For Upfield’s purposes the brands Becel and ProActiv are considered a single brand
5
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
6
power brands
To make people healthier and happier 
with nutritious and delicious, natural, 
plant-based food that is good for you and 
for our planet. Filtered water
Natural 
flavourings
Plant oils 
Coconut, sunflower, 
rapeseed
Fava bean 
preparation
Plant-based 
emulsifier	 
Sunflower lecithin
Salt
6
natural ingredients
Performance 
driven by 
purpose
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 4:
7
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Welcome
David Haines 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
We have a long history with many famous brands 
that people have enjoyed since 1871. We took 
over their management in July 2018 when 
we set up Upfield. Our vision was to become 
the future of food, with a pioneering global company, 
transitioning the food system towards a more 
sustainable, plant-based model of consumption. 
As a result, we believe we are well-positioned 
for profitable and purposeful growth. 
Our purpose has remained consistent:  
‘We want to make people healthier and 
happier with nutritious and delicious, 
natural, plant-based food that is 
good for you and our planet.’
Our clear and consistent purpose has powered 
significant industrial and portfolio transformation, 
achieved with the unique commitment 
of our Upfielders.
Transformation
Our path to independence has taken over four years. 
We began by separating from our former owner and 
stabilising our systems and operations. In parallel, 
we embarked on a scaled industrial transformation 
with product and portfolio renovation and innovation. 
Over that period, we invested more than €1.5 billion 
in our systems, our products, our supply chain and 
the acquisition of our plant-based cheese business, 
Violife. We completed the wholescale transformational 
part of our journey in 2022.
The transformative work on our products and
our transition to natural, simple, clean labels
has created a fresh portfolio that is delivering growth. 
Around 85% of European sales in 2022 were generated 
by products renovated or innovated since 2020. 
Our products remain affordable too.
Today, we can fully focus our energy on delivering 
our purposeful growth strategy. We are confident 
that we can now unleash the vast potential of 
our business, categories, brands and platform.
Creating value
We continued to operate in a volatile environment 
in 2022. Against that backdrop, we have pursued 
our industrial transformation, including the opening 
of our Food Science Centre in Wageningen, 
the restructuring of the Nassaukade site, both in 
the Netherlands, the opening of our plant-based 
butters and cheese factory in Brantford, Canada, 
and the takeover of the Cali factory in Colombia. 
As well as enabling us to better serve our customers, 
this evolution of our products and processes over 
the last few years has delivered value creation of over 
€300m euros, driven by increased operational and 
cost efficiencies.
Thanks to the power of our brands, recognised and 
trusted the world over, we managed to protect 
our business from high input inflation and in turn 
achieve broad-based top-line growth across all regions, 
channels and categories, with group net sales 
increasing by 18.5% at constant currency for the year.
Purpose
Our purpose shapes how we approach the sourcing 
of our ingredients, the development of our recipes, 
our relationships with retailers and how we communicate 
with consumers. Our commitments across our four 
pillars - Plant-Based, Healthier Lives, Happier People 
and Better Planet - are at the heart of our business, 
with tangible programmes and milestones making 
our targets at once ambitious and achievable.
The need for a global food transition – away from animal-
based products and towards a more plant-based diet – 
is clear, fuelled by climate change and the challenges 
of food security. Consumers are aware and keen to 
follow diets that are healthier for them and their planet.
Our products deliver across the board. We know 
our plant-based products are more sustainable than dairy. 
Products in our Plant Butters and Spreads category, 
for example, have a 70% lower carbon impact and even 
less of a methane impact than their dairy equivalent1.
Our products therefore give people the ability to enjoy 
the foods they love while protecting our planet and 
improving their personal health. None of our Plant 
Butters, Creams or Cheeses contain trans-fats and 
our Plant Butters and Spreads contain less saturated 
fat than dairy. Finally, and critically, given the uncertain 
economic times, we care about affordability and 
7
most of our products cost significantly less than 
their dairy counterparts, coming in at up to 45% less 
per kilogram2.
Power brands
Our power brands - Flora, Becel and ProActiv, 
Rama, Country Crock, Blue Band and Violife 
- are staples around the world. They represent 
the platform from which we have successfully launched 
our product innovations and portfolio upgrades.
Our power brands are unique, with their Brand Power 3 
meaningfully above the average of our peers and 
among the top performers in our key markets. 
Through our brands we engage with both loyal and 
new consumers, offering people a positive choice 
– both as a plant-based alternative to dairy and 
also from less competitive brands and private label.
We also differentiate ourselves through our multiple 
channels, which enable us to reach consumers both 
directly, through supermarkets and retailers around 
the world, and through the food service industry, 
to enable chefs, caterers and the wider food service 
industry to offer the plant-based dairy alternatives 
that their customers increasingly seek.
Performance, Care and Passion
Our culture is unique – attracting the kind of talented 
people who look for a work environment with purpose 
and sustainability at its core, and where their passion and 
performance are rewarded. More than 52,000 people 
applied for some 500 roles, eager to become part of a 
culture with a sense of adventure and motivated to be 
at the centre of change. Our markets remain volatile, 
but we stand ready, focused and agile. Our portfolio of 
tasty, healthy, natural and sustainable products is 
the best it has ever been thanks to our focus on 
innovation and renovation. All this is underpinned by an 
attractive, healthy financial growth model which supports 
our people, products, brands and innovation engine in 
driving purposeful, sustainable and profitable growth.
This report will give you a flavour of everything 
we have achieved in the past year and why 
we are confident of delivering in the years ahead.
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 5:
9
Financial & ESG Summary 2022Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Great taste
We are committed to making plant-based foods 
taste as good as, if not better than, dairy products.
Eight out of 10 consumers say our new plant butters 
taste like dairy butter – and they love them4.
Great	performance
Our products perform as well as and often 
better than dairy versions, ensuring professional 
and home cooks can simply swap dairy butter, 
cream or cheese for our plant-based alternatives, 
without changing the recipe.
Eight out of ten consumers say our plant butter 
performs just like dairy butter.
Some 92% say they bake the same, 83% say 
they cook the same, and 82% say they spread 
the same as dairy butter 5.
Great value
Our prices make sustainable, healthier plant-based 
food accessible and available to all. 
On average, Upfield’s Plant Butters and Spreads 
are almost half the price of their dairy equivalents2.
Healthier food
We are building externally verified, world-class 
food science capabilities to keep making 
our food healthier.
Upfield’s Plant Butters and Spreads are 
demonstrably healthier than dairy butter 
in so many ways6. 
They are trans-fat free and 95% beat the benchmark 
for saturated fats of dairy alternatives.
Natural ingredients
We use simple, clean labels, natural formulations 
and simple, traceable ingredients as part of 
our move to natural ingredients.
We use only six natural ingredients in our Plant 
Butters, and have removed artificial ingredients 
historically used in the spreads industry 23.
More sustainable
Plant-based alternatives to dairy are far more 
sustainable than dairy.
Upfield’s Butters and Spreads have, on average, 
a 70%7 lower climate impact, and use 50% 8 less 
water and 66%8 less land than dairy equivalents.
9
Our food delivers 
the Upfield difference

Page 6:
11
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
The food 
system  
transition
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
The problem
Our current food system is unsustainable
The way we produce and consume food has significant 
impacts on carbon emissions, land use and water use 
– particularly in the Global North.
If the diets of G20 nations today were adopted worldwide 
by 2050, we would require up to seven planets to support us.9 
The solution
Shifting to more plant-based diets
Plant-based crops feed more people while occupying 
less land. Today, plant-based food uses only 23% of global 
agricultural land, yet provides 82% of our calories. We must 
harness this efficiency to feed a 2050 world sustainably.10
23% 
Agricultural land
Plant-based	foods	occupy
82% 
Calories 
Plant-based foods produce

Page 7:
13
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Plant-based growth  
opportunity
Better for the  planet
50% less water12
needed to make 
Plant Butters and 
Spreads than dairy 
equivalents
66% less land12
needed to make 
Plant Butters and 
Spreads than dairy 
equivalents 
Violife products have less 
than half the climate footprint 
of dairy cheese equivalents11 
and production uses less 
than a third of the land 
Plant Butters and 
Spreads contribute
70% less CO2e11
Plant Creams  
contribute
50% less CO2e11
Plant Cheeses 
contribute
74% less CO2e11
Plant-based products have a lower climate impact than dairy products.
Tasty, delicious and nutritious 
plant-derived food
Better for  health
better performance 
against benchmarks 
on saturated fat than 
dairy equivalents13
trans-fats in 
our plant-based 
products14
Flora ProActiv is clinically 
proven to lower cholesterol 
thanks to plant sterols15
+ plant sterols95% 0%
Better for  animals
are involved in producing our 
plant-based ingredients
No	livestock
13
Better for the  budget
Our plant-based butters and 
spreads are, on average, almost 
half the price of dairy butter16
45%

Page 8:
15
Financial & ESG Summary 2022Financial & ESG Summary 2022
It is early days yet, we have so much
more to do and so much room to grow
Butters and 
Spreads
LiquidsCreams Cheeses
Total global addressable market (dairy and 
plant-based) in retail and foodservice (sales out to 
consumers, retail sales value for the retail channel) 
– EUROMONITOR, KANTAR, 
NIELSEN, BAIN analysis
Plant-based foods still comprise 
a small proportion of the total market 
today, but we have the purpose, 
focus, food technology, capability 
and platform to help shape 
the future of food.
We are defining and growing  
plant-based food consumption 
across our categories, making 
tangible, positive change.0%
100%
50%
 DAIRY VALUE       PLANT-BASED VALUE
~ €150bn
More and more people are  
choosing plant-based foods
3x faster 
sales growth
of plant-based food 
sales vs. total food 
sales in 202117
54% $ sales 
growth 
of plant-based food 
over three years17
More than 50% of 
Generation Z 
say they are restricting 
consumption of meat or 
animal-based products24

Page 9:
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Upfield at 
a glance
Global leader 
in plant-based food
€3.4bn
Sales
4 Core Categories
5%
Sales CAGR i
5x
Scale
larger than the number 
two plant-based player
150+ years
Brand History
Butters 
and Spreads
Creams CheesesLiquids ii
4,800+
Upfielders
All numbers as reported in 2022.
i Net sales compound annual growth rate, 2018-2022.
ii This category is made up of plant-based ghee, liquid margarine and different oils.
Over  90  countries served
Distributions of sales
13%
AMEA
~20%
Emerging
markets
~80%
Developed
markets
38%
Americas
49%
Europe
17

Page 10:
19
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Our 
strategy
Upfield’s purpose is to make people healthier  
and happier with nutritious and delicious, 
natural, plant-based food that is good for 
you and for our planet.
Our strategy to fulfill this purpose will be executed 
by leveraging our power brands – recognised, 
trusted and loved the world over – in our four core 
categories, delivered across multiple channels, 
to build a better plant-based future.
We are a global leader in plant-based food in our 
four core categories of Butters and Spreads, 
Creams, Liquids and Cheeses. We believe 
in a better, plant-based future that is tastier 
and more sustainable. We aim to reach as 
many people as possible through our multiple 
delivery channels  – via our retail partners and 
the food service sector. This will enable us to 
consolidate our position as a leader in many of 
our core categories. Our power brands, trusted 
all over the world, are at the heart of our future 
growth strategy and our success. Continued 
growth will, in turn, allow us to achieve our 
purpose of building a better, plant-based future, 
enabling us to reshape our food systems for 
the good of people and the planet.
Revolutionising the ecosystem
We will revolutionise the plant-based ecosystem 
by delivering tastier, natural, high-quality products, 
underpinned by a strong innovation pipeline. 
That pipeline is driven by our investment 
in R&D and plant-based proteins, with food 
science at its core. 
All of this is digitally enabled with our single, 
bespoke end-to-end platform.
As a pure-play business, we are 100% focused on 
developing, producing and selling tasty, natural, 
healthy and sustainable plant-based products that 
are better than the dairy alternatives. There is 
no compromise for consumers when they swap 
to a plant-based butter or spread, cream or 
cheese, and with our investment in R&D and 
our food technology partnerships, our products 
will only continue to evolve.
Encouraging plant-based
Actively helping the food transition and building 
a better, plant-based future is at the heart of 
what we do. Some companies call it ESG, 
but it is simply who we are. This part of our 
corporate strategy was built from a materiality 
assessment to understand the needs of our 
business, customers and stakeholders, and ties 
our focus in with the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UN SDGs). The focus of 
our sustainability pillar is to build a better, 
plant-based future, which we will do by 
encouraging plant-based consumption, 
helping people live healthier lives, creating a 
world of happier people, and contributing to 
making a better planet.
These pillars are underpinned by our values 
of performance, care and passion. 
Performance means we take responsibility 
for our own success and the future we can 
create. We strive for and deliver the highest 
quality in all we do. We are data-driven and 
not afraid to push boundaries to meet the 
needs of our consumers. 
Care speaks to our need for a more 
sustainable future as a core belief. We work 
together to do the right thing for our business, 
Upfielders, customers and the planet.
We show our passion by taking pride in 
our work. We love what we do and want to 
bring joy to the lives of customers, business 
partners and colleagues. We see limitless 
possibilities to drive Upfield forward, and we 
are unconstrained by the past and thrive on 
making a difference.
Executing our performance-led 
growth strategy
1
32 4
Six power brands
around the world
Multichannel
delivery
Four core
categories
Building a better,
plant-based future
- Retail
- Food Service
- Online
- Plant-based
- Healthier lives
- Happier people
- Better planet
- Butters and Spreads
- Creams 
- Liquids 
- Cheeses

Page 11:
21
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Impact highlights
As our business grows, our impact grows too.
Our 2022 financial  highlights
Net sales Net sales growth
€3.4bn +18.5%i
Net sales growth by region
+20.2% +16.0% +23.1%
Americas Europe AMEA
All growth percentages presented 
on a constant currency basis unless 
otherwise stated
ii Measured as volume of ingredients sold.
iii Based on sales of brands with 
proven heart and functional health 
benefits, and children reached with 
the Blue Band nutrition programme.
iv Core products that meet or exceed 
benchmarks on saturated fat. Includes 
Plant Butters and Spreads and Liquids 
in Europe and North America.
Our 2022 non-financial highlights
Plant-based
Happier people
Healthier lives
Better planet
100m
more people reached with 
plant-based products
+26m
people reached with 
healthy products and 
nutrition educationiii
99%
dairy-free ingredientsii 
43%
female representation 
in management
100%
physically certified 
sustainable palm oil 
95%
better performance 
against benchmarks 
on saturated fat than 
dairy equivalentsiv
97%
natural ingredientsii
+10k
farmers’ livelihoods 
supported
-1.3k
of dairy ingredients, 
which has cut our 
methane footprint by 26% 
21
i 2022 net sales growth compared to 2021, based on constant currency.

Page 12:
23
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
A four-year 
journey
Our first four years saw a huge transformation  
– of our industrial footprint, culture, products, 
digital systems and processes. 
Now we are positioned to grow, bringing plant-
based foods to people all over the world.
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
1871 - 2018
Plant-based heritage.
Upfield was established in 2018. 
However, the iconic brands 
we make and sell go back as 
far as 1871. We are the original 
plant-based food company. 
When we created the business, 
we acquired a global platform 
with world-class plant-based 
R&D knowledge.
2020 
Separating and stabilising, 
becoming a multi-category 
business.
We underwent industrial, digital 
and cultural transformation to 
become the business we are today. 
All while continuing to renovate 
and innovate our product portfolio. 
We acquired Arivia / Violife which 
added the Plant Cheeses category.
2021 - 2022 
Focus on our power brands 
equity and leveraging our 
transformed business.
We were able to grow our brands 
and portfolio, utilising our new ERP 
system and digital capabilities to 
make key operational decisions, 
based on real-time facts and 
insights, in the face of significant 
macro volatility.
We invested deeply in our food 
innovation and food technology 
expertise, building our Upfield 
Food Science Centre and forming 
strategic partnerships with Change 
Foods, OGGS® and Alfred’s.
2023 and beyond 
Unleashing sustainable, 
long-term growth through 
our brands, innovation and 
investment.
Now we are ready to deliver 
sustainable, purposeful growth in 
the long-term in multiple markets, 
continuing to explore partnerships 
with exciting new technologies and 
players in the plant-based space.
We are the future of food.
2019 
Defining the Upfield manifesto, 
creating a purpose-driven 
company.
We set out a clear vision, found 
our data-driven mission, and started 
our path to full independence while 
stabilising our platform for growth.
We exited 600+ transition service 
agreements and we started building 
our new, fully digital, cloud-based 
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) 
system, becoming one of the first 
in the sector to adopt this system.
A transformational journey

Page 13:
25
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Our 
business
Food 
Our products, the fruits of our investment in innovation, 
are made from natural, sustainably sourced ingredients. 
From soy to sunflower oil, our carefully selected 
ingredients come from a diversified and supported 
supply chain to minimise risk and environmental impact, 
and maximise health and flavour. 
Factories 
Our 14 factories are located all over the world, 
from Greece and Kenya to Canada and Colombia. 
This reach enables us to shorten our supply chains 
and positively contribute to communities around 
the globe. Because they are fully owned, 
we are always able to guarantee supply. 
Relationships 
We are committed to driving positive change 
within the global food system, so we work hard 
to cultivate relationships with suppliers, non-
governmental organisations (NGOs), experts, 
plant-based innovators, start-ups, policymakers, 
communities, investors and customers. 
People 
Our business is made up of more than 4,800 
dedicated Upfielders, who are passionate about 
making healthy plant-based food that tastes great.
Step 1: FoundationsWe are a global leader 
in plant-based food. We are 
on a mission to drive positive 
change through great-tasting, 
plant-based products that 
are better for our health and 
better for the planet. 
Our	global	economic	
contribution
Through our investments in plant-based 
product innovation, workers, suppliers and 
manufacturing, and contributions to local 
economies, we have made a huge global 
economic contribution. 
Healthier	consumers
Our heart health packs have helped  
66.3 million people take care of their hearts, 
and we have reached 23.1 million children 
with nutrition education that will help to set 
them up for healthy lives.
Carbon	impact
Our products are responsible for up  
to 70% lower carbon emissions 18 than their 
dairy counterparts. Based on our global 
sales volumes, our products are helping to 
save 6 million tonnes of CO2e every year.
Brands
Our brands are available in over 90 markets to 
meet the needs of every customer segment and 
price point. With six power brands and many 
sub-brands, our healthy, tasty and affordable 
plant-based products are available to consumers 
around the world. 
End-to-end platform
Our comprehensive global sales and 
distribution chain and industry-leading 
chilled route-to-market capabilities 
help us to sell millions of plant-based 
products every year. 
Customers
We supply retailers and food service customers 
all over the world – from the biggest hypermarkets 
to online platforms, to the smallest convenience 
stores. We see our customers as partners, helping 
us to make Plant Butters, Spreads, Creams, Liquis 
and Cheeses available to millions of people.
Consumers
We are on course to reach 
1 billion consumers every year 
with our delicious, nutritious and 
affordable plant-based products.
Step 2: Process
Step 3: Results


Page 14:
Americas Europe AMEA
8 817
distribution
centres
distribution
centres
distribution
centres
3 47factories factoriesfactories
27
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
A global 
footprint
Upfield is the largest purely plant-based food business in the world, five times larger than 
the second biggest. Our assets are both tangible and intangible – buildings, facilities and 
a research centre, as well as brands that are recognised, trusted and loved the world over. 
This map illustrates our direct footprint, but we recognise that our total impact is even wider 
– encompassing the farmers, food producers and processors along our supply chain, 
as well as those who help us to pack and distribute our products. To maintain the resilience 
of our supply chain, we work responsibly alongside our partners to source materials.
On the ground 
Our factories and distribution centres are located in every continent, enabling 
us to provide local employment and to ensure that our products are available 
globally. In 2022, we opened the doors to the Upfield Food Science Centre 
in the Dutch town of Wageningen, a state-of-the-art home for our food 
technologists that sits at the heart of the university’s vibrant agri-tech 
ecosystem. Together, these are our most valuable physical assets. 
1
food science 
centre
14
factories
worldwide
33
distribution centres 
worldwide
Top	five
constituents	in	the	Brand	Power	Index	
in seven of our biggest markets.
In consumers’ minds 
Our portfolio includes six power brands - Flora, Becel/ProActiv, Rama, 
Country Crock, Blue Band and Violife. These brands represent our most valuable 
intangible assets. Independent research by brand experts Kantar assessed 
how our brands performed compared with other leading consumer goods 
brands in their Brand Power Index. They established that these six are among 
the best-performing FMCG/packaged grocery brands across our key markets. 
Their high scores, on a par with products from Coca-Cola, Nestlé, Danone and 
Starbucks, indicate that consumers are more likely to choose these brands over 
others, a strong indicator of increasing brand influence and market share.
Countries served 
by Upfield
Countries served 
by Upfield and with 
Upfield factories or 
distribution centres


Page 15:
29
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
How we work
Innovation for plant-based growth
We	are	constantly	innovating.	Our	150-year	heritage	in	plant-based	
food,	manufacturing	and	technology,	coupled	with	our	deep	
commitment	to	science-led	R&D,	means	Upfield	is	at	the	cutting	
edge	of	exciting	developments	in	the	plant-based	market.
Since 2018, we have completely 
overhauled our portfolio, investing 
significant time and resources 
to create our best-ever products 
by improving their taste, functionality 
and performance. We have harmonised 
and simplified our ingredients list, 
moving towards fewer, natural, 
fully plant-based ingredients. 
We have launched new products 
and expanded into new categories, 
including Plant Butters and Spreads 
and new Plant Cheeses. We constantly 
innovate to meet consumer needs 
across our categories and markets.
We have more than 660 
product patents, with 
11 new patents filed 
since 2018 across 
Plant Butters and 
Spreads, Plant Creams 
and Plant Cheeses.
More than 130 Upfield 
food scientists and 
R&D specialists 
are working on 
improved formulas, 
new products and 
healthier ingredients.
In the past two years,
more than 85% of 
our sales in Plant 
Butters and Spreads 
in Europe have come 
from new or renovated 
products.
A specialised centre for 
world-class food science
In 2022, we opened the doors to our state-of-the-art Food Science Centre 
on the campus of a leading food and agri-tech university in Wageningen. 
Here we are surrounded by fellow leaders, innovators and creators in 
“the Silicon Valley of Foods”.
Our team of more than 130 food scientists, food technologists and R&D specialists 
focus on the development of great-tasting, plant-based foods and sustainable 
packaging solutions. They create new patents as they innovate to create new 
products.
The building conforms to rigorous BREEAM sustainability standards and 
is incredibly low impact and low carbon, with planted areas to promote 
biodiversity and renewable energy used to heat, cool and run it. The building 
is partly made from recycled materials and rainwater is captured for 
our hygiene facilities.
29

Page 16:
31
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
We entered into a strategic 
partnership with Change Foods, 
a California-based company 
pioneering the development of 
a unique precision fermentation 
process, also securing a minority 
stake in the business. Their process 
creates nature-identical dairy 
casein proteins – the fundamental 
building block of all dairy cheeses – 
but without the cow. We are 
working closely with the Change 
Foods team to ensure we are at 
the forefront of the next generation 
of delicious animal-free cheese.
We entered into a strategic 
partnership with Alfred’s, an Israeli 
food-tech company, taking a minority 
stake in the company, which has 
developed an innovative process 
to improve the taste, functionality 
and nutritional profile of plant-
based cheese. We are working 
together to continuously improve 
our market-leading plant-based 
cheese products to help them melt, 
stretch, crumble and spread just 
like dairy cheese.
We acquired a minority stake in Alternative Foods, a UK-based 
plant egg producer and leading vegan bakery, which markets 
its products under the OGGS® brand. Together, we will work 
to expand the plant-based egg market, and create allergen-free 
products that deliver on taste, nutrition and sustainability. 
Partnerships for 
the future of food
We are actively engaging with the ecosystem to drive and 
accelerate innovation, collaborating with selected partners globally.
Innovating	in	the	face	of	a	crisis
The conflict in Ukraine has created 
turmoil in supply chains throughout 
the food industry, particularly in 
relation to shortages of sunflower 
oil, and focused attention on 
the issue of global food security. 
Our innovative approach enabled 
us to respond swiftly. Our Flexblend 
recipe allows us to substitute 
and swap ingredients within 
our spreads – such as sunflower 
oil for rapeseed oil – without any 
impact on the taste, texture or 
functionality of our products. 
This delivers food security while 
protecting us from price fluctuations 
and keeping our supply chains resilient.
Partnering with food professionals 
With people the world over waking 
up to the benefits of plant-based 
foods, demand is changing.
Restaurant chains are following suit, 
with food professionals developing 
plant-based options and alternatives. 
In March 2022, Upfield MENA 
partnered Pizza Express in the UAE 
to launch a plant-based menu, using 
vegan cheese from our Violife brand. 
It isn’t just pizzas – the new menu 
also includes starters, pasta and 
deserts, all using Violife products. 
Tapping into the growth of plant-
based products in the professional 
food sector has long been a part 
of our strategy, and is an area where 
we expect to see significant growth.

Page 17:
The value chain
We seek to act responsibly, fairly and transparently 
in our interactions with society, communities and 
people all along the value chain, not just where 
we have a direct impact. We work carefully with 
our plant suppliers to ensure our ingredients 
are sourced and processed responsibly, whilst 
ensuring resilient and flexible supply chains. 
We behave responsibly in our interactions with 
the people we employ, both directly and indirectly, 
and with our partners providing the materials 
we use to package and transport our goods. 
We depend upon our distribution and retail partners 
to make sure products can be found everywhere, 
from the biggest supermarkets to the most remote 
corner shops. Finally, we know we have a fundamental 
responsibility to provide safe products that consumers 
can depend upon and trust – products that are 
nutritious, healthy and delicious.
Our stakeholders
We interact with many different stakeholders all 
along the value chain. These include our suppliers, 
customers and consumers, as well as NGOs, trade 
associations and governments. We often work in 
tandem to encourage changes in the way people eat 
by helping consumers access plant-based foods. 
We seek to work together to transform the wider 
global food system, encouraging a shift towards 
plant-based diets that are less reliant on intensively 
farmed dairy products.
Suppliers 
They provide all the ingredients we need. We have 
thousands of suppliers of goods and services who  
help us to sustainably source high-quality, natural, 
plant-based ingredients from farmers around the  
world, while ensuring resilient and secure global  
supply chains.
Industry	advocacy	groups 
We play as big a role in our industry as possible 
by working with industry associations and groups, 
including the Plant-Based Foods Association, the 
European Alliance for Plant-based Foods,  
The Consumer Goods Forum, RSPO and more. 
We do this to help inform policy and advocate 
for equal treatment for plant-based foods.
Upfielders
Our Upfielders are a team of dedicated individuals  
who are committed to bringing about a better, 
plant-based future. We regularly engage with them 
through our work councils, surveys and our Youth 
Advisory Board to make sure that they are able to 
perform to their best and that they have a great 
working experience, so that they make us the best 
business we can be.  
Customers
Our retail customers operate in more than 90 
countries, ranging from global to regional and local 
retailers. We also supply professional customers, 
including international fast-food restaurants, global 
food service companies, hotels, airports and chefs. 
We engage with them to develop products that 
better meet their needs and help them on their 
own sustainability journeys.
Consumers
The people who eat our products enjoy the results 
of the work by every stakeholder in the value chain. 
We invest in understanding their needs across our 
markets, in different product categories and with 
different preferences and socio-economic profiles.
Communities
Upfielders are encouraged and supported to 
engage with their local communities. We enable 
this through our Volunteering Policy, allocated 
volunteering leave and ad hoc community support. 
NGOs 
We work with a range of NGOs, including charities, 
health professionals, academic and research 
institutions, and trade associations. Their support 
not only makes us a better corporate citizen but 
their expertise and counsel also help to drive 
transformation in our business and in the global 
food system. 
Investors 
We have a number of equity and debt investors 
with whom we engage on an ongoing basis. 
KKR are the majority shareholders of Upfield and 
Board members. We work with them and other 
shareholders to ensure we are delivering on our 
purpose and managing the business effectively. 
Strategic	partners
We have many different strategic partners that  
bring expert knowledge in specific areas to help 
us develop our business. These include our 
strategic investments in future of food innovators 
such as OGGS®, Alfred’s and Change Foods. 
Governments
The plant-based foods industry is young, and 
regulations often haven’t caught up with changes, 
so government engagement is critical to level 
the playing field so that our industry can grow. 
Distribution
33
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
 
Farming
Product
creation
Packaging
Selling
Ingredients
Eating

Page 18:
35
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Materiality
We take a materiality-led approach to our sustainability ambitions.  
Our four-pillar strategy was created by understanding what really matters 
to our customers, wider stakeholders and business. 
In 2020, in consultation with key stakeholders, we undertook a materiality 
assessment to define our material ESG topics – the issues that matter most 
to our business and where we make the biggest impact. These issues
informed the four pillars of our strategy and our commitments. Our materiality 
matrix shows the relationship between the issues and the four pillars of 
our strategy. Read more detail here.
In 2023, we will expand this process to account for double materiality. This will 
enable us to consider both the impacts we have on people and the planet, 
and how material external factors might affect Upfield.
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Higher 
materiality 
Higher 
materiality 
Climate change
Health and nutritionResponsible marketing
Governance and ethics
Community impact
Safety, health and well-being
Food safety and quality
Access and affordability
Responsible and
sustainable sourcing*
Engagement, diversity
and inclusion, and
sustainable sourcing
Plastic packaging and
sustainable sourcing
Environmental
management
Animal welfare
Plant-based,
sustainable diets
IMPORTANCE 	TO	EXTERNAL 	STAKEHOLDERS
IMPORTANCE 	TO	INTERNAL 	STAKEHOLDERS
*This includes social and environmental impacts, including human rights and deforestation
Plant-based Happier peopleHealthier lives Better planet
3535

Page 19:
We know that focusing on our four pillars is the best way for us to make 
an impact and help the world move towards a more sustainable future. 
By working to get more people eating plant-based food, creating healthier 
lives and happier people, and doing it in a way that is better for the planet, 
we will contribute to global sustainability goals.
The UN defines these goals with its 17 interlinked SDGs. They are a roadmap 
to peace and prosperity for all by 2030. We can make connections to every 
one of the 17 goals; however, we think it is more impactful to focus on 
the ones where we have the opportunity to make the biggest effect.
15: Life on land
Our natural, plant-based ingredients use less land than dairy foods. 
A global dietary shift will therefore enable more land for biodiversity, 
nature restoration and natural carbon capture. We are committed to 
ensuring that we don’t contribute to deforestation too.
Our actions under our 
plant-based pillar have 
encouraged more 
people to consume a 
plant-based diet. We are 
helping people move to 
a more sustainable diet, 
so they take part in more 
responsible consumption 
and production.
12: Responsible consumption and production
Scientists agree that plant-based diets are more environmentally 
responsible than animal-based diets, but change isn’t easy. We are 
working to make this shift tastier and more affordable. 
Plant-based
Four focused pillars  
that feed the UN SDGs
17: Partnerships for the goals 
This goal underpins all of our work, across each of our four pillars, 
because we can’t fulfil our purpose by working alone. 
13: Climate action 
We can’t tackle climate change if we don’t shift from animal-based 
foods to plant-based ones. Our whole business is designed to make 
that shift easier, faster, healthier and more affordable, and to happen 
at scale. To lead by example, we are also committed to reducing our 
own climate impact.
From climate action 
to waste reduction, 
better packaging and 
responsible sourcing, we 
are committed to help to 
reduce our impact and 
providing products that 
are better for the planet.
6: Clean water and sanitation 
Moving to a diet without animal products can help reduce the use 
of freshwater and water pollution. Most of our products have a 
significantly lower water footprint than dairy. Not only do most 
products have a lower water footprint than dairy, we also manage 
our own water footprint.
Better planet
17: Partnerships for the goals 
This goal underpins all of our work, across each of our four pillars, 
because we can’t fulfil our purpose by working alone. 
8: Decent work and economic growth
By growing our plant-based business, we are creating 
opportunities for good work and good growth, and we are 
committed to responsible business practices in our value chain.
We support decent 
work, decent growth and 
equality through our focus 
on gender diversity and 
engagement, and through 
our partnerships across 
our value chain with 
farmers, chefs and plant-
based entrepreneurs.
5: Gender equality
We are making changes in our offices, factories and supply 
chains to achieve gender parity and create an equitable and 
inclusive workplace.
Happier people
17: Partnerships for the goals 
This goal underpins all of our work, across each of our four pillars, 
because we can’t fulfil our purpose by working alone. 
3: Good health and well-being
We are investing in making our product recipes healthier, and our 
brands encourage healthier, more active lifestyles.
Our products provide 
affordable sources of 
good nutrition, support 
healthier hearts and 
improve functional health. 
Ensuring food security 
to help end hunger and 
deliver better health 
outcomes is central 
to our Healthier Lives 
commitments.
2: Zero hunger
Our purpose means we are committed to making sustainable, 
nutritious food more affordable and available the world over.
Healthier lives
17: Partnerships for the goals 
This goal underpins all of our work, across each of our four 
pillars, because we can’t fulfil our purpose by working alone. 
37
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 20:
Our sustainable
strategy
Our four-pillar strategy was built from our purpose and the materiality 
process. Each pillar’s overarching goal is supported by specific 
commitments. We report on our key targets in the following pages. 
Plant-based Healthier lives
GOAL:	1	billion	people	choose	our	
delicious	plant-based	products.
GOAL: 200 million lives positively 
impacted	with	access	to	affordable	and	
healthy nutrition.
Maintain affordability 
Innovate to maintain affordability 
for consumers in lower socio-
economic groups
Inspire the shift
Build purposeful power brands 
that educate and inspire people to 
move to plant-based foods
Educate	children	on	
nutrition
Provide balanced nutrition and 
education to 100 million children
Best	taste	and	performance
Always launch tastier and better-
performing plant-based products
Enable heart health
Enable 50 million adults to lower 
their risk of heart disease by 
offering healthier products
Deliver	plant-based
Transform our portfolio to deliver 
100% plant-based products
Improve	functional	health
Enable an active lifestyle and 
improve functional health for  
50 million adults
All-natural ingredients
Create recipes that are all natural, 
with simple, clean labels
Offer better nutrition
Deliver better nourishment 
by outperforming nutrition 
benchmarks on saturated fat 
and salt, with no trans-fat
Grow	impact	and	availability
Increase category impact and 
availability to make it easier for 
consumers to choose plant-based 
foods
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
All targets 2030 unless otherwise stated. To better reflect our ambition, roadmaps and the intent of our ESG strategy, we took the opportunity in 2022 to 
clarify the language in some of our goals and commitments. For more details on these changes, see the ESG GRI Addendum.
Happier people Better planet
GOAL:	150,000	chefs,	farmers	and	
their families supported to drive 
the Future of Food.
GOAL: Pioneer food that’s better 
for	the	planet.	Showcase	our	plant-
based	benefits	while	reducing	our	
own footprint.
Drive	climate	action
Reduce overall emissions to align 
with science-based targets and be 
better than net zero by 2050
Reduce	environmental	impact
Reduce our environmental impact, 
including a 50% reduction in waste 
and zero waste to landfill
Support	our	communities
Grow the Future of Food in our 
communities through Upfielders 
volunteering 15,000 hours
Plastic-free	and	better	
packaging
Partner to innovate our way out of 
plastic with better packaging 
Enhance	livelihoods
Support the livelihoods of 100,000 
farming families and plant-based 
entrepreneurs
Always	source	responsibly	
To protect people, the climate and 
nature, we are committed to no 
deforestation or exploitation and 
100% responsible sourcing by 2025
Enable	plant-based	chefs
Enable 50,000 plant-based chefs 
and food professionals to be plant-
based ambassadors
Communicate	climate	impact	
Communicate the benefit of  
plant-based food by labelling carbon 
emissions on 500 million product 
packs by 2025
Engage	Upfielders	
Upfielders are advocates 
for our purpose in 
our communities – 
top 25% eNPS
Champion diversity and equity 
Champion social mobility and equity 
by having an inclusive business, 
including a 50:50 gender balance
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
39
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 21:
Progress on 
our purpose
We are now in our third year of sustainability results and we are seeing 
progress that’s making a tangible, positive difference as we continue 
to grow our business. For full disclosure details, see the ESG GRI 
Addendum and ESG data pack.
Plant-based
GOAL:	1	billion	people	choose	our	delicious	plant-based	products.
i The 1 billion metric is how we measure our three commitments – to 
inspire the shift though our power brands, increase category impact 
and availability, and launch tastier and better-performing plant-based 
products.
ii Measured as percentage weight of plant-based ingredients sold. For 
further details, see the basis of preparation on our website.
iii Data is presented in accordance with the basis of preparation and in 
2022 is subject to Deloitte’s limited assurance report in accordance 
with the Dutch Standard 3000A.
iv 2021 data restated from 99%.
v Measured as percentage of total weight of natural ingredients sold.
vi Focus on our core products in Europe and North America.
vii Measured annually.
viii We estimate the number and percentage of consumers from socio-
economic groups C&D reached with our products using household 
penetration data by country and product sales.
ix See the ESG GRI Addendum and ESG data pack for more details.
See pages 44 to 47 for further details and stories on this pillar.
COMMITMENT TARGET 
DATE TARGET 2020 2021 2022 PROGRESS 
1	billion	people	choose	our	
delicious	plant-based	productsi
2030 1bn – 204m 305m
We reached an additional 100m 
people with our fully plant-based 
products while continuing to focus 
on our brands, availability, taste and 
performance.
Inspire the shift
Grow	impact	and	availability
Best	taste	and	performance
Deliver	plant-based This year, we have continued to 
invest in research and reformulation 
programmes that have cut dairy 
ingredients by 1.3kt since 2021.100% plant-based 
product	portfolioii iii 2030 100% – 99%iv 99%
All-natural ingredients
We are continuing our investments in 
R&D to deliver our best-ever products 
with all-natural ingredients.
Percentage	of	natural	
ingredientsv 2030 100%vi – 97% 97%
1
2
3
4
5
On track Plan 
in place 
Healthier lives
GOAL:	200	million	lives	positively	impacted	with	access	to	affordable	and	healthy	nutrition.
COMMITMENT TARGET 
DATE TARGET 2020 2021 2022 PROGRESS 
Maintain affordability
Over the past three years, we have 
continued to maintain the proportion 
of consumersviii we reach in lower 
socio-economic groups.
Percentage	of	people	from	
lower	socio-economic	groups	
reached	with	our	productsvii
Ongoing Maintain 33% 32% 35%
Offer better nutrition
We have launched our nutrition 
benchmarking programme, based 
on international standards. Some 
95% of our Plant Butters and 
Spreads meet or exceed the nutrition 
benchmark on saturated fat. 
Percentage	of	products	that	
meet	or	exceed	nutrition	
benchmarks	for	saturated	fat
2030 100% – – 95%
200m people’s lives positively 
impacted,	which	includes
2030 200m 11m 87m 113m
In 2022, the Blue Band programme 
expanded, reaching 11.8m children 
(23.1m in total), and our products 
with heart and functional health 
benefits reached 90m peopleix.
Educate	children	on	nutrition
Enable heart health
Improve	functional	health
1
2
3
4
5
See pages 48 to 51 for further details and stories on this pillar.
41
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

Page 22:
43
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Happier people
GOAL:	150,000	chefs,	farmers	and	their	families	supported	to	enable	the	Future	of	Food.
See pages 52 to 55 for further details and stories on this pillar.
COMMITMENT TARGET 
DATE TARGET 2020 2021 2022 PROGRESS 
Champion diversity and equity
In 2022 we have focused our efforts 
on roles at manager level and 
above, where we have increased the 
proportion of women to 43%.
Percentage	of	women	in	all	rolesi 2030 50% 34% 34% 34%
Percentage	of	women	at	
management level and abovei
2030 50% 40% 41% 43%
Engage	Upfielders	as	advocates
Our scores have stayed constant. 
Relative to our sector, we are 
performing well, as sector scores 
have decreased.
Employee engagement 2030 > 8.1/10 7.7/10 7.5/10 7.5/10
Support	our	communities
2022 saw the launch of our 
programme to encourage Upfielders 
to volunteer in our communities.  
Every Upfielder is offered two  
days a year.
Number of hours  
of employee  
volunteering annually
Ongoing 15,000 – – 4,800
Enhance	livelihoods
We expanded our canola and 
established shea projects to reach 
an estimated 10,000 farmers and 
their families, with better agricultural 
practices, access to markets and 
women’s empowerment activities.
Number of farming 
families and plant-based 
entrepreneurs supported
2030 100k 14k 21k 31k
Enable	plant-based	chefs
We have extended our ambition to 
create a network of plant-based food 
professionals. We reached 21,000 
through the ProPlantChefs platform 
in 2022. 
Number	of	chefs	and	food	service	
professionals supportedii
2030 50k – 6k 21k
1
2
3
4
5
On track Plan  
in place  
We report in detail to Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
standards in our ESG GRI Addendum.
i Data is presented in accordance with the basis of preparation 
and in 2022 is subject to Deloitte’s limited assurance report 
in accordance with the Dutch Standard 3000A.
ii. Target revised from 40,000 to 50,000 chefs supported, see 
ESG GRI Addendum for further details.
iii Data is presented in accordance with the basis of preparation 
and in 2022 is subject to Deloitte’s limited assurance report 
in accordance with the Dutch Standard 3000A. See our ESG 
GRI Addendum for the location-based emissions.
iv. Target of 25% reduction in total emissions (Scopes 1, 2 & 3) 
under review as we have committed to setting a science-
based target aligned with 1.5 degrees of global warming.
v Plastic eliminated target revised to reflect updated technology 
roadmap, see ESG GRI Addendum for more details.
vi Plastic measured as a proportion of  
total packaging. Data is presented in accordance with the 
basis of preparation and in 2022 is subject to Deloitte’s limited 
assurance report in accordance with the Dutch Standard 
3000A.
vii. Data is presented in accordance with the basis of preparation 
and in 2022 is subject to Deloitte’s limited assurance report 
in accordance with the Dutch Standard 3000A.
Better planet
GOAL:	Pioneer	food	that’s	better	for	the	planet.	Showcase	our	plant-based	benefits	while	
reducing	our	own	footprint.
See pages 56 to 59 for further details and stories on this pillar.
On track Plan  
in place  
COMMITMENT TARGET 
DATE TARGET 2020 2021 2022 PROGRESS 
Drive	climate	action
Our carbon intensity (per tonne of 
production) has reduced by 5%, 
compared with 2020. We expect 
to see accelerated reductions in 
2023 based on the successful 
implementation of energy efficiency 
programme in 2022 and associated 
capex investment.
Tonnes	of	Scopes	 
1	&	2	carbon	emissions	
(CO2e market based)iii
2030 0kt 86kt 75kt 71kt
Our carbon intensity (per tonne of 
production) has reduced by 7.2%, 
compared with 2020, driven by an 
increase in the use of lower-carbon 
ingredients. We reduced our use 
of dairy products by 1.3kt in 2022 
– equivalent to a 26% reduction in 
methane compared with 2021.
Tonnes	of	Scopes	1,	2	&	3	
carbon	emission	(CO2e)iii iv
2030 2,530kt 3,534kt 3,255kt 2,864kt
Communicate	climate	impact
In 2022, we created a peer-reviewed 
and ISO-compliant life-cycle tool  
that accelerated progress.  
In 2022 we sold 235m packs  
with carbon labels, taking the total  
to 355m since 2020.
Number	of	product	packs	
with	carbon	labels	
2025 500m – 120m 235m
Reduce	environmental	impact
Eleven of our sites achieved zero 
waste to landfill in 2022, with a 
reduction of 4,000 tonnes of waste 
generated. And 99.8% of our 
non-hazardous waste is reused, 
recycled or recovered. 
Percentage	of	factories	
achieving	zero	waste	to	landfill	
2030 100% 46% 54% 79%
Plastic-free	and	better	packagingv
In 2022, we focused on the key 
innovations and roadmap to transform 
our major formats (tubs, sachets 
and wrappers), which will enable us 
to reduce our use of plastic in the 
future. While plastic content has 
increased slightly as a proportion 
of total packaging, our packaging 
intensity (per tonne of production) 
has improved by 4% compared with 
2020. The high levels of recyclability 
across our packaging remained stable 
in 2022.
Percentage	of	plastic	content	
in	all	of	our	packagingvi 
– – 46% 47% 48%
Plastic	use	per	tonne	
of	production
2030 -80% 32.4kg 31.4kg 31.0kg
Percentage	of	packaging	
that	is	recyclable,	reusable	
or	compostablevii
2030 100% 95% 94% 94%
Always	source	responsibly
We continue to maintain our policies 
and commitments on responsible 
and sustainable sourcing. The gap 
in compliance for paper has been 
closed.
Percentage	of	 
RSPO-certified	palm	oil 2025 100% 100% 100% 100%
Percentage	of	compliant	
soybean oil 2025 100% 100% 100% 100%
Percentage	of	FSC	/	
PEFC paper and pulp 2025 100% 99% 100% 99%
1
2
3
4
5

Page 23:
45
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Eating more plant-based foods plays a big part in tackling 
the climate, nature and health crises. 
The plant-based food sector needs to scale fast, but this 
will happen only if that food is delicious, natural and healthy. 
That’s why we are making our plant-based products tastier, 
healthier and natural. And we are marketing these benefits to speed 
up the shift to plant-based foods and grow our business. 
Here are some case studies  of 
our progress in this strategic pillar 
as we work towards our goal of reaching 
1 billion people with our delicious 
plant-based products by 2030. 
Plant-based   
growth in 2022
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Traditional	dairy	products	like	
butter	and	creams	are	used	to	bake,	
cook	and	spread.	
Consumers want plant-based 
products	that	perform	the	same	as,	
if	not	better	than,	dairy	products,	
but they don’t think that is possible. 
Through our transformation, we have invested in 
improving product performance – developing new,  
all-natural formulations, with detailed consumer 
testing to meet this demand. As well as scaling 
these technical changes across our portfolio of 
products, we are also working on changing consumer 
perceptions to tap into huge latent demand. 
In the US, where we earn nearly a third of 
our revenues, our Country Crock brand’s Plant Butter 
and Plant Cream products prove our approach
is working. Through a comprehensive holiday 
season sales and marketing plan, which included 
offers, coupons and retailer support, we saw 
2.5 times more people try Country Crock Plant 
Butter for the first time compared with the previous 
year, and unit growth of 20% compared with dairy 
butter and margarine. Our Country Crock Plant 
Cream, an innovation that launched in late 2021, 
played a complementary role in the campaign, 
and saw a double-digit percentage sales increase, 
outpacing a key competitor at a top retailer. 
 
Another campaign, starting in late 2021 and 
running into 2022, saw Canadians challenged 
to swap out dairy cheese for Violife 100% vegan 
cheese alternative, and offering a full refund if 
customers weren’t happy. The campaign included 
social media and video messages with recipe ideas 
from internet personality and chef Matty Matheson 
to encourage people to take part.
By responding to market trends quickly, we have 
introduced thousands of people to our our plant  
butters – a significant contribution to our goal 
of reaching 1 billion people with our plant-based 
products by 2030. With dairy butter pricing at an 
all-time high, we are set to make a big impact in 2023 
too, with further plans to connect with consumers 
during Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas. 
Proving performance 
without dairy encourages 
switching
99%
plant-based ingredients  
by weight


Page 24:
47
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Plant-based   
growth in 2022
Innovating to improve taste 
and performance  
Our recipes made with natural 
ingredients delight consumers
We have completely transformed our range of plant 
butters to create products that are specific to 
the tastes and demands of different markets. 
Our Flora Plant B+tter, for example, has been simplified 
to contain just six ingredients. A lot of insight and 
expertise is required to make something so simple taste 
so good. Working from more than 50 taste profiles, 
we created a series of plant butters that taste and 
perform just like dairy butter, and that match the specific 
taste preferences of Europe’s different consumers. 
We now score as well as dairy butter in taste tests of 
‘butter lovers’, and our plant butter cooks and bakes 
like dairy in our technical tests. It is our know-how and 
expertise that has enabled simple ingredients to create 
such a product. The plant-based, all-natural ingredients 
in our Flora Plant B+tter, for example, have been combined 
to enable people to swap it directly for dairy butter in any 
recipe – whether they are whipping up a cake, basting 
a Sunday roast or baking a batch of biscuits.
Our research shows that consumers value naturalness 
in their butter nearly twice as much as any other product 
attribute. That’s why 97% of all our ingredients 
by volume are already natural across all recipes.
We have transformed our ingredient choices, recipes, 
factories and supply chain, all while making sure we let 
everyone know about our best-ever, all-natural recipes.
We have overcome many technical challenges to create 
more natural products – using recipes made from 
100% natural ingredients or free from artificial colours, 
flavours and preservatives, and without compromising 
on food safety, quality and performance. We have 
focused our efforts initially on our power brands and 
are marketing these changes with increasing success. 
In Central and Eastern Europe, Rama was relaunched 
with 100% natural ingredients through a three-year 
marketing campaign. Building on formulation and 
manufacturing success, the marketing team’s work 
began in 2021, but took off in 2022. The 2021 campaign 
established the fact that the product is 100% natural 
in the minds of consumers. In 2022, the campaign 
built on this foundation by letting them know about 
the product’s performance and sustainability.
The campaign has been very successful, with nearly 
50% higher levels of consumer advertising recall than 
average FMCG campaigns. Insights from the work are 
being used to inform other brand marketing activities too.
50+ 97%
taste profiles across 
seven flavour categories
natural ingredients
by volume
Advocating for a level playing 
field to increase impact
We want everyone everywhere to enjoy the many 
benefits of plant-based food, but regulations about 
product shelf placement and on-pack claims vary 
across countries, with many frameworks built around 
animal dairy products. Advocacy therefore is a key 
part of our strategy. 
Upfield is a founding member of both the European 
Alliance for Plant-based Foods (EAPF) and the Plant-
Based Food Alliance UK. These forums bring together 
a wide range of stakeholders from both the private and 
non-profit sectors. 
Our primary goal is to promote the development 
and uptake of plant-based food, achieving a level 
regulatory playing field with its dairy counterparts, 
and removing outdated barriers to consumption. 
Successes in 2022 included achieving equitable 
VAT with dairy products in Portugal, and co-funding 
the Food4Climate pavilion at the COP27 climate 
change conference. This was the first ever dedicated 
food pavilion at COP and it played a major role in 
getting the issue of food on the COP agenda. 
Equal VAT
6
on plant-based and dairy 
products in Portugal 
natural
ingredients
Plant oils 
Coconut, sunflower, 
rapeseed
Filtered water
Fava bean 
preparation
Plant-based 
emulsifier	 
Sunflower lecithin
Salt
Natural 
flavourings

Page 25:
49
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Health is an increasing priority and cost is a constant concern for 
people. That is why we are making sure our products are healthier 
and more affordable than dairy products and have reached 
millions of consumers from lower socio-econoic groups. 
With more affordable products that help to lower cholesterol and 
improve heart health, we are making it more attractive than ever to 
choose plant-based foods.
It is working. Here are some of the case 
studies of progress on our commitments 
in this strategic pillar, as we work 
towards our goal to positively impact 
200 million lives with access to 
affordable and healthy nutrition.
Healthier lives - 
impacts  in 2022
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
People all over the world are looking 
for	healthier	products	across	
every	category.	
We	have	worked	hard	to	create	products	
that	are	healthier	than	dairy	products.	
The work we are doing to use all-natural 
ingredients	and	simplify	our	recipes	has	
started	to	drive	demand,	but	we	cannot	
stop there. 
By developing world-leading expertise in plant-based 
foods in-house, we can keep improving the nutritional 
profile of our products to shape the market. 
And because of our scientific expertise, we are 
confident in the health claims that we make, every 
time we make them.
This is why we have developed our Nutritional 
Benchmarking Programme. The programme uses 
nutritional science and international standards to 
uncover the optimum formulations for any given 
product in terms of salt, sugar, vitamins, omegas, 
calcium, phytosterols and fat, and ensures that we 
go beyond basic nutritional regulation to create 
products that have a truly positive impact on health. 
This can already be seen in action. Through this 
process, we have successfully upgraded our 
Country Crock and I can’t believe it is not Butter! 
spreads to include beta carotene, a natural, 
plant-based source of vitamin A.   
In 2022, €1.2 billion of net sales came from products 
designed and labelled in compliance with regulation 
to support health and nutrition attributes.
Creating products 
that beat benchmarks
95%
0%
of our Plant Butters and 
Spreads met or  exceeded 
recommended benchmarks 
for saturated fat
trans-fats in our  
plant-based products

Page 26:
51
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Healthier lives -  
impacts in 2022
45%
Keeping our products 
accessible to all
The world has been under immense 
inflationary	pressure	in	2022,	leading	
to more expensive ingredients for food 
producers	and	higher	prices	in	shops	for	
consumers.	Despite	the	increases	in	
the	costs	of	our	raw	materials,	energy	
and	logistics,	we	have	sought	to	maintain	
the	affordability	and	accessibility	of	
our	products	for	people	across	the	socio-
economic	spectrum.	As	household	budgets	
continue	to	be	constrained,	we	have	tried	to	
mitigate	our	increased	raw	material,	energy	
and	logistics	costs	through	operational	
efficiencies	and	through	price	increases,	
which	we	have	sought	to	carefully	manage.
We have a wide variety of different plant and seed oils 
within our portfolio and have managed to maintain 
the percentage difference between our prices and 
the price of dairy butter. Globally, the pricing gap
between our products per kilo and dairy butter 
stands at around €419. 
The affordability and accessibility of our products, 
particularly when compared with their dairy counterparts, 
combined with brand understanding around their health 
and sustainability benefits mean that consumers are more 
likely to try our products and buy them again.
Our plant-based Butters 
and Spreads are, on 
average, almost half 
the  price of dairy butter 19
Scaling health and nutrition 
through our brands
As a purpose-led business, we look 
for	ways	to	contribute	positively	to	the	world	
around	us,	in	order	to	take	us	closer	to	
fulfilling	our	purpose.	At	a	brand	level,	
this offers the opportunity to target brand 
positions	and	characteristics	so	that	
we	can	help	to	tackle	specific	societal	
issues.	By	doing	this,	we	can	also	
strengthen the brands. 
Blue Band’s heritage of helping child nutrition
Poor nutrition in developing countries has a huge 
impact on child development. It limits their potential, 
health and well-being. Blue Band has been tackling 
these issues for more than 60 years. The brand aims 
to provide 100 million schoolchildren in Africa and Asia 
with nutritional education by 2030. 
We have reached more than 11 million children in 2022, 
putting us well on our way to achieving our 2030 goal. 
Blue Band increased their activities and the brand is 
rapidly gaining attention, becoming a top-10 preferred 
brand in Indonesia, according to YouGov FMCG rankings.
Heart health as a key product benefit 
Many of our products are designed to help consumers  
take better care of their hearts. One of the ways we do that  
is by adding plant sterols – which helps to lower cholesterol. 
In 2022, we reached 66.3 million people with our Heart 
Health products. We have achieved this through campaigns 
such as our Special Hearth (‘heart and health’) campaign 
in Turkey, when we celebrated World Heart Day. 
We partnered heart health bodies and collaborated 
with 11 key Instagram accounts – including celebrities, 
health enthusiasts and lifestyle bloggers – who shared 
a number of Omega 3 and heart-healthy Becel recipes on 
their Facebook and Instagram platforms. The campaign 
reached more than 22 million people.
Flora and Becel encourage active living  
Flora is already an iconic marathon sponsor. In the run-
up to the 2022 London Marathon, the brand was busy 
with a range of activities, such as launching its annual 
Active Towns Report, and teaming up with legends 
Mark Wright and Paula Radcliffe for their marathon 
‘run-along’ event.
Also in summer 2022, Becel launched its Become a 
Pro campaign in Greece, inviting consumers to live 
the ‘ProActiv Life’ and remember to take care of their 
heart health while on holiday. Becel worked with a 
range of influencers who shared their own tips on living 
the ‘ProActiv Life’, and reached almost 1 million users 
through the campaign, including younger consumers 
in the 19-30 age range, who are often less aware of 
the importance of heart health.
€1.2bn
in net sales came from 
products carrying nutrition or 
health claims or promoting 
health benefits

Page 27:
53
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
As we are transforming the global food system, we can make more 
people’s lives better along the way. We are already doing it for 
our Upfielders, the farmers and suppliers we work with, 
the local communities we work in and the global plant-based 
food community we are part of. 
These case studies show the progress  
we have made on our commitments in 
this strategic pillar, as we work towards 
our goal of enhancing 150,000 livelihoods. 
Happier people - 
outcomes in 2022
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
We know people do their best 
work	when	they	feel	welcomed,	
when they feel that they are part 
of something important, and when 
they know why what they do matters. 
In	2022,	we	continued	making	
progress	in	creating	a	culture	of	
performance,	care	and	passion,	
with	inclusion	at	its	core.	
We are pleased with the progress made in gender 
diversity at the management level. Women in 
management positions have steadily risen 
from 40% in 2020 to 43% in 2022. 
We can see how our actions have helped us to move 
in the right direction, ensuring that all our vacancies 
have gender-balanced shortlists, addressing 
the impact of bias in the selection processes 
and identifying actions to drive greater gender 
diversity across both our functions and locations. 
For example, at our new factory site at Brantford 
in Canada, we are actively attracting more highly 
skilled women into the workforce, with gender 
representation well above the Upfield average. 
Also in 2022, the Upfield Women’s Network was 
formed as a global platform committed to closing 
the gender balance gap. We want to support, 
empower and advance women in their careers 
and on their Upfield journey, ensuring that we can 
all truly come to work and fulfil our professional 
roles as we are. 
Building a diverse and 
inclusive team
At the beginning of 2022, we launched the Upfield 
Cares Programme, implementing minimum 
standards for global leave. The programme is 
about helping us perform at our sustainable best, 
supporting our health and happiness agenda and 
giving everyone the flexibility they need. 
Our flexible approach enables Upfielders to find 
the right balance between their workplace 
and their home: 
1. Parental leave of twelve weeks paid leave as a 
global minimum for all Upfielders becoming a 
parent, including those adopting or becoming 
a parent through surrogacy; 
2. Up to twenty days bereavement leave to help 
Upfielders when they lose loved ones; 
3.  Twenty days of extended leave for Upfielders 
who have been with us for three or more years  
so that they can find the time they need to 
refresh and refocus; 
4. Two days community volunteering leave so 
Upfielders can feel good about doing good.
43%
female representation at 
manager level and above

Page 28:
55
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Happier people - 
outcomes in 2022
Strengthening Upfielders’ 
engagement 
Supporting our local 
communities
We are proud of the progress we have made in creating 
and strengthening our purposeful performance culture 
to deliver our mission. 
Our employee engagement scores reflect our progress 
and, even though 2022 was a turbulent year for everyone, 
we maintained our engagement score of 7.5 and eNPS 
rating of 25. This is against a backdrop of an average 
decline in scores for our sector. The consumer 
benchmark, for example, has declined 0.1 for 
engagement and 1 for eNPS over the same period. 
In 2022, we launched a range of initiatives to develop 
our culture, including a series of workshops called 
Feed Your Growth, which were attended by more than 
1,500 people and covered content on careers and 
development. We also launched a global mentoring 
programme and, over the year, we ran more than 
14 global engagement campaigns covering everything 
from Veganuary and Wellness Week to Pride.
This year we launched our official Volunteering 
Programme, where all Upfielders are given one day’s 
paid leave for personal volunteering, and one day’s 
paid leave for Upfield volunteering. This is part of 
our long-term commitment to enable 15,000 volunteer 
hours in our communities each year, with each Upfield 
location choosing a partner or cause that matters 
most to their community.
In 2022, having launched the programme for 
the first time, we laid the foundations and implemented 
processes and systems that will ensure our success 
in reaching our long-term goals for volunteering hours. 
In total, we logged 4,800 hours of volunteering time 
during the year.
Our activities included assembling care packages for 
a food bank in Amsterdam, campaigning for nutritional 
awareness in Kenya, partnering the Robin Hood Army 
in Pakistan, donating blood in Greece, and assisting 
a community kitchen, ‘Our Big Kitchen’ in Bondi, 
Australia. Here, in Bondi, we cooked 250 meals 
that were distributed to local charities tackling 
food insecurity. 
7.5 4,800
employee 
engagement score
hours of volunteering 
in 2022
Strengthening farmers’ 
livelihoods 
Enabling more 
plant-based chefs’ 
To realise our vision, we need to reach as many 
chefs and food service professionals as possible. 
We are seeing how this shifts consumer attitudes 
and adoption too. 
From a global stage at the World Chef Congress 
to recipe trials with retailers and restaurateurs, 
we are supporting chefs across our markets to help 
consumers make more plant-based choices. 
This year, for example, Violife partnered Pizza 
Express and Klimato in the Middle East to include 
Violife products in a plant-based menu displaying 
climate information. We have also created 
our ProPlantChefs platform to support chefs and 
food service professionals in developing their plant-
based knowledge and offerings. In 2022, the platform 
reached 21,000 chefs, helping to turn them into 
ambassadors for plant-based food. 
As our professional business grows, we reach 
more people with products that meet the needs of 
the plant-curious, flexitarians, vegetarians and vegans, 
as well as those people avoiding dairy foods because 
of allergies. We estimate that our professional products 
have helped to create around 6 billion dishes this year. 
At the very start of our value chain are farmers, 
who grow the plants – oil seeds, fruits, nuts, grains 
and legumes – that we use in our recipes. We are 
committed to making sure our supply of ingredients 
is responsibly sourced. As such, we work in partnership 
with many different organisations worldwide on 
creating a sustainable supply chain. The canola oil we 
source is part of a sustainability programme supporting 
smallholders on the slopes of Mount Kenya, through a 
partnership with Agventure. This collaboration provides 
a route to market for more than 7,000 small-scale 
farmers, who receive training and support to care for 
the health of the soil in their fields. 
Shea is a smaller ingredient for us. This year, we 
undertook two major initiatives as part of our Ghana 
Shea project. Firstly, we began work with Eco Restore 
to rehabilitate around 150 hectares of savannah 
parkland in north-eastern Ghana. So far, we have 
planted more than 7,800 trees in the area. 
Secondly, we partnered one of our suppliers to create a 
co-operative of 1,000 female shea collectors in Bongbini. 
We supported the building of a warehouse to act as 
a central location for the co-operative, which also 
provides financial literacy training, business support 
and health and safety equipment, including gloves, 
goggles, torches and first-aid kits. 
This exciting initiative is just one part of of our wider 
plan to improve the livelihoods of 100,000 farmers 
and plant-based entrepreneurs around the world. 
In 2022 alone, we managed to enhance the livelihoods 
of 10,000 people on our journey towards that target.
31,0006bn
livelihoods supported 
since 2020
dishes created 
in 2022


Page 29:
57
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Our purpose drives us to make our business, products and 
packaging more sustainable. Our products are already better for 
the planet than their dairy counterparts. While we will keep 
working on them, we are also making great strides in other areas 
of our business too. 
Here are some case studies of our work 
in 2022 that underpin our targets on 
climate action, innovating out of plastic 
and reducing our impact on the planet. 
Better planet - 
advances in 2022
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Experts all over the world agree that 
plant-based diets play an important 
part	in	tackling	the	climate	crisis.	
Our	products	are	substantially	better	
for the environment than dairy 
equivalents	in	terms	of	carbon	and	
methane emissions, as well as land 
and water use. Nevertheless, we are 
committed	to	reducing	their	impact	
even further. This not only helps 
us	to	reduce	costs	now,	but	it	also	
addresses future risks and positions 
us better in the minds of a wide range 
of stakeholders. 
We are one of the very few companies that can 
calculate their Scope 4, or avoided emissions, 
footprint. When people choose our products instead 
of their dairy counterparts, we estimate that they 
collectively save 6m tonnes of CO2e annually, based 
on our global sales volumes. That’s around twice 
our own footprint. By helping more people to switch 
to our products from their dairy counterparts, we can 
make an even bigger impact on carbon reduction. 
The 1% of dairy Ingredients we are committed to 
eliminating make up 7% of our carbon and 57%  
of our methane footprints. Methane is rapidly rising 
up the agenda, because it is 80 times more potent 
as a greenhouse gas than CO2 over its first 20 years 
in the atmosphere. At COP26, governments 
committed to the Global Methane Pledge, to reduce 
emissions by 30% from 2020 levels by 2030. Upfield 
was the first food business to follow suit, disclosing 
our methane footprint and committing to reduce it. 
We are making rapid progress. In 2022, we removed 
1.3kt of dairy products from our portfolio – that’s a 
26% reduction in methane compared to 2021. 
This year, we have continued to make progress in 
reducing the climate impact of our factories, having 
cut carbon intensity by 5% from 2020 (Scopes 1 and 
2). We have updated our plan to further reduce our 
Scopes 1 and 2 emissions in the coming years. For 
example, in our factory in Poland, we are installing a 
more efficient, lower-carbon boiler, to move further 
away from coal-fired steam. 
Cutting carbon and methane 
to make a bigger contribution 
to the global transition
We have been working on our carbon transition  
plan in 2022. This will help us to meet our targets  
on Scopes 1 and 2, and extends to our Scope 3  
target in line with the requirements of the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We plan to commit 
to science-based targets in 2023. We are pleased 
at the recognition our climate work has received 
from CDP, and have been awarded a B in our first 
year of reporting to them. We have also partnered 
climate experts to conduct a climate scenario 
analysis aligned with the recommendations of 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD).
Details of our TCFD assessment and findings can 
be found in our TCFD report here, and further 
details of our climate work can be found in the ESG 
GRI Addendum.
26%
5%
reduction in methane 
emissions since 2021
reduction in carbon 
intensity since 2020*
* Scopes 1 & 2 carbon emissions

Page 30:
59
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Better planet - 
advances in 2022
Packaging and plastic innovation
that makes a real difference
Turning climate-friendly 
attributes into consumer choice
In the food sector, packaging is one of the most 
powerful consumer touchpoints a brand has. 
In recent years, as sustainability considerations have 
become real drivers of consumer choice, packaging 
is an opportunity to not just meet our sustainability 
commitments, but to strengthen our consumer 
relationship. We are committed to innovating 
our way out of as much plastic as possible.
In 2022, we activated a partnership with a materials 
science company to create the world’s first paper-
based tub for chilled foods. It is taken three years 
of work, 300 prototypes and 1,500 product testers. 
The new tub is FSC-certified, waterproof, oilproof 
and has the same lifespan and durability as existing 
plastic packs. It’s even got the same satisfying ‘click’ 
sound on closure. With this innovation, we hope to 
completely transform the category and the way 
we package our products.
For creams, we are moving to a combi pot that 
combines a removable layer of paper and thinner 
plastic, dramatically reducing the plastic needed. 
The new pot uses less than half of the plastic of the 
earlier version, and 68 million combi pots have been 
rolled out across the Rama, Blue Band and Elmlea 
plant-based creams. 
These innovations, and others that will follow, 
will push us towards our goal of eliminating 
the majority of plastic content in our packaging.
Since 2018, we have been working with leading 
environmental sustainability consultancy Quantis to 
understand the climate impacts of our products by 
using a life cycle assessment approach. Through this 
work, we have now launched our ‘Better Than’ tool, 
which automates the calculation of a product’s life 
cycle to support robust, compliant, climate impact 
comparisons and carbon labels. The tool is peer-
reviewed, ISO-compliant and aligned with the EU 
Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) methodology. 
By the end of 2022, some 355 million packs were 
carrying climate labels. This figure is set to grow 
significantly as we continue to refine and improve 
the tool, and we are on track to reach our goal of 
500m product packs labelled by 2030.
We are amplifying this work in the market through 
campaigns like ‘Change Your Cheese 21’ which showed 
the lower climate impact of a wide range Violife 
products in the UK, Europe, US and Canada. 
We now know that Violife products have less than half 
the climate footprint and occupy less than a third of 
the land needed to produce the same amount of dairy 
cheese. So not only do Violife products make cheesy 
recipes taste great, they’re also better for the planet.
603 355m
tonnes less plastic used so far 
from switch to combi pot
packs carrying 
climate labels
Responsible and 
sustainable sourcing
Removing waste through 
optimising operations
Our factories are our primary source of waste, and 11 
of our 14 factories achieved zero waste to landfill this 
year. In total, 99.8% of our waste is reused, recovered 
or recycled.
We also reduced waste by 4,000 tonnes and cut 
the intensity of waste produced per tonne of product 
from 42.2kg in 2021 to 40.9kg. Our Helsingborg 
and Santa Iria factories made big strides in waste 
reduction, both cutting product waste by more 
than 25% in 2022. Helsingborg now has only 3.2% 
total product waste, and Santa Iria has 4.5%. 
These gains have come from improved waste 
management practices and process optimisation.
In terms of the usage phase of the life cycle, 
our products also have the potential to help reduce 
household waste, when people switch from dairy 
to our plant-based foods. This is because our products 
have longer shelf lives than many of their dairy 
counterparts, so they can be used for longer 
without spoiling. 
We source a wide variety of plant-based ingredients 
from seeds, fruits and nuts, as well as new ingredients 
such as plant proteins. We continue to maintain 
our policy commitments and programme to ensure 
responsible and sustainable sourcing. Our Responsible 
Sourcing Policy and Business Code of Conduct22 are 
reviewed regularly to make sure that we manage risks 
within our supply chains. 
We recognise the controversy around palm oil as an 
ingredient – that’s why we have a target to be 100% 
deforestation free and conversion free by 2025. 
Beyond sourcing 100% physically certified palm oil, 
we partner independent experts like Earthworm and 
use satellite technology to monitor our supply chains. 
We continue to innovate and create new recipes both 
with sustainable palm and alternatives to palm. In 
addition, for other high-deforestation-risk materials, 
paper and soybean oil, we achieve 99% PEFC or FSC 
certification and all of our soybean oil complies with 
the Amazon Soy Moratorium Agreement. 
This year, we have taken big steps in increasing 
the transparency of our coconut oil supply chain. 
After joining the Sustainable Coconut Charter in 
January 2022, we ran a supplier assessment and policy 
review. By the end of 2022, 100% of our coconut oil 
suppliers agreed with our policy and to share country-
level traceability with us, which gives us the visibility to 
ensure sustainability throughout our supply chains.
In 2022, we reviewed our approach to human rights with 
the support of an external advisor. We continued 
our programme to assure our own factories meet ethical 
standards and we are a member of the Consumer 
Goods Forum working group on human rights.
100%4,000
physically certified  
sustainable palm oil 
tonnes of waste 
reduction


Page 31:
61
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
We know that strong governance  
is the cornerstone of a well-run 
business – it’s what lets us focus on 
the things that really matter.
By committing to the highest 
standards of governance across 
Upfield, we remain transparent, 
accountable and resilient.  
That’s how we have built a business 
that everyone is proud of.
Governance 
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
Upfield Group B.V is the strategic management 
company of Upfield Group, which is managed 
by a board of nine directors, three of whom 
are female. They review and approve the risk 
management and international control systems, 
determine the nature and extent of principal and 
emerging risks, monitor the exposures to make 
sure they are in line with the overall goals and set 
the tone of the risk management culture. The Board 
has established an Audit Committee consisting of 
selected Board members. In addition, the Company 
has established an Internal Audit and Compliance 
function, an Enterprise Risk Management Committee 
and a Compliance Committee with representation 
from relevant functions. Where it is appropriate, 
they regularly review the main risks and decisions 
that could have a material impact on Upfield. 
These reviews take into account the level of risk 
Upfield is willing to take and the effectiveness 
of the management controls in place to mitigate 
the exposure. 
The Board manages the business mainly through a 
set of financial and non-financial key performance 
indicators (KPIs). Non-financial KPIs are related to 
safety, service levels, operational efficiency, health 
and environmental matters, and are managed at 
the manufacturing sites. 
The Board delegates the day-to-day management 
of the business, including ESG matters, to Upfield’s 
Executive Committee. The Chief Operations 
Officer (COO), an Executive Committee member, 
has responsibility for the ESG strategy and its 
delivery. The COO chairs the cross-functional 
ESG Leadership Team, and is responsible for 
implementation, monitoring progress against the 
ESG strategy, targets and the management of 
material ESG risks and opportunities, supported by 
a central team of ESG experts. The ESG Leadership 
Team has representatives from all key areas of the 
business, including finance, people and organisation, 
operations and procurement, product development, 
legal and corporate affairs. Key topics are presented 
at the Executive Committee as deemed appropriate 
and reported to the Board accordingly.
Our remuneration strategy of pay for performance, 
and our annual bonus plan is connected to our 
growth, a key pillar of our ESG strategy. Growing 
the adoption of plant-based food is critical in tackling 
the climate impact of the food system.
Our governance structure and 
risk management approach


Page 32:
63
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
We	disclose	on	a	whole	range	of	topics.	Additional	details,	 
including	our	policies,	can	be	found	in	our	ESG	centre.  
Our	2022	disclosures	can	be	found	in	the	ESG GRI Addendum.
Product quality and safety 
Our commitment to quality is comprehensive. 
We implement high standards in all aspects of 
quality and safety, including product design, 
formulation, sourcing of raw materials, packing, 
manufacturing, storage, transport, display, 
marketing, communication, sales, and disposal 
of products at Upfield and third-party facilities. 
Our quality and safety processes are externally 
verified and continually developing. Our culture of 
learning and development ensures we have a robust 
learning cycle so that we keep improving our quality 
assurance and safety management systems. 
A key focus area, of course, is maintaining product 
quality to ensure that our Plant Butters, Spreads, 
Creams and Cheese are safe and trusted for 
consumers and customers. We have stringent 
targets in this area, with a goal to produce 
perfect batches without defects across the entire 
production process – we call this Right First Time. 
In 2022 our target was 98% and we achieved a 
Quality Rate of 99.8%. Every single one of our sites 
is Global Food Safety Initiative certified.
Health and safety
The health and safety of Upfielders, contractors 
and all those who visit or come to our sites and 
offices is also paramount. Our occupational health 
and safety management system requirements 
apply to every one of our factories and offices, 
covering all workers, activities and workplaces. 
We have set these out in the Upfield Framework 
Standards on Occupational Health & Safety, and all 
sites follow them. 
Our people
We want our fellow Upfielders to be their full selves 
at work, and to be comfortable and confident so 
they can be at their best every day. We have worked 
hard to build a culture that is inclusive, promoting 
gender balance and respecting the contribution 
of all colleagues regardless of gender, age, race, 
disability or sexual orientation. Our aim is to attract, 
retain and develop a diverse pool of talent. 
Code of Conduct 
We are committed to upholding the highest 
standards of conduct across our business. 
We believe it is the right thing to do. 
This commitment holds us accountable and 
creates a more sustainable business for the long 
term that we can all be proud of. In December 
2022, we launched the second edition of our 
Code of Conduct. It sets out the relevant policies 
and guidelines for all Upfielders to follow, including 
anti-corruption and bribery policies, which come 
with mandatory training. It, and all the relevant 
policies, are stored in the policy portal and so are 
accessible to all Upfielders. All office and factory-
based Upfielders complete mandatory e-learning 
training every year.  
All relevant policies and their detail can 
be found here. 
Whistleblowing 
We want to create a working culture where all 
those who come into contact with the business 
feel empowered to raise concerns about 
any issues, behaviours or decisions that are 
problematic. Most of the time, their line manager is 
the right person to resolve an issue, but Upfielders 
can also talk directly to human resources (HR) or 
our legal and compliance team. Our HR colleagues 
can give guidance on policies, benefits, workplace 
issues and ethics-related matters. The legal and 
compliance department are also easy to contact 
by any Upfielder and are equipped to respond 
promptly. Sometimes, however, anonymity is 
needed, so we have developed the SpeakUp 
platform, a 24/7 hotline for any Upfielder 
with immediate and urgent concerns. 
All employees have completed mandatory 
training on our SpeakUp process to ensure 
that they are aware of how to raise concerns 
or flag issues.
Actions we are taking
 Human rights
Respecting human rights is fundamental to 
the values that we hold at Upfield, both to us 
as a company and across our supply chains. In 
accordance with the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights, we aim to protect 
and respect human rights in the way in which we 
operate. We recognise the risks inherent in global 
supply chains and maintain robust policies covering 
human rights and responsible sourcing. 
In 2022, we continued to implement our programme 
of due diligence, ethical assessment, and targeted 
independent audit and certification, and engaged 
independent external experts to review what 
we do and to inform us on how to continue 
enhancing our approach. 
For further information, please visit our ESG centre 
for the policies and the ESG GRI Addendum for 
our progress on human rights and modern slavery.
Risk management
We have a systematic approach to risk management, 
which is led by our Executive Committee.
In 2022, the Ukraine conflict precipitated a series 
of new risks for the business. We identified 
and re-evaluated our principal risks as soaring 
commodity prices, supply chain issues, information 
technology and cybersecurity risks, climate 
change, cash liquidity, foreign exchange impacts, 
factory production, strategic focus, and risks 
associated with economic, social and geopolitical 
events. These risks can manifest as both 
opportunities and threats. Our risk management 
procedures are defined and regularly reviewed 
to make sure we can respond efficiently and with 
agility to minimise disruption to the business.
We also worked with experts to complete our first 
TCFD report and better understand the climate 
risks and opportunities we are exposed to. 
63

Page 33:
65
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
David Haines 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
David was appointed Group Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) of Upfield in July 2018. He 
was previously Chairman and CEO of Grohe 
Group, and subsequently CEO of Lixil Water 
Technology Group. Before this, he held 
senior leadership positions at Vodafone, 
The Coca-Cola Company and Mars. 
Florence Naviner 
Chief Financial Officer 
Florence joined Upfield in September 
2020. She has almost 30 years’ 
of experience working for Mars 
Incorporated, where she held several 
senior positions – most recently as 
Chief Financial Of ficer and Senior Vice 
President of Mars Wrigley. 
Dominic Brisby 
Regional President, Europe 
Dominic has more than 20 years’ 
experience in consumer goods. 
He joined Upfield from Imperial Brands, 
where he was Interim Group CEO, and 
President of the Americas, Africa, Asia 
and Australasia Region. 
Laurent Lavenut 
Chief Operations Officer
Laurent has more than 20 years’ experience 
in global operations and supply chain 
management for consumer and food 
companies. He leads on Upfield’s 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
performance. Previously, he held senior 
operations roles at Coty and Danone.
Our leadership
Detlef Schmitz 
General Counsel 
Detlef has more than 20 years’ 
experience as in-house legal counsel for 
global consumer companies. He served 
as General Counsel and a Member of the 
Board of Managers at Grohe Group, and 
Head of the Legal Department for 
the Coca-Cola Company in Germany. 
Eve Baldwin 
Chief People and Organisation Officer 
Eve joined Upfield with more than 20 
years’ experience in human resources 
and talent management. Previously, 
she was Vice President of HR at 
Unilever’s spreads and personal 
care divisions and at the Ford Motor 
Company in Europe. 
Tim Verbeek 
Regional President, Africa, Middle East 
& Asia-Pacific 
Tim brings more than 20 years of brand 
development, commercial and general 
management experience across various 
local, regional and global roles within 
FMCG companies, such as Unilever and 
Heineken. 
Tim Brown 
Regional President, Americas 
Tim has more than 30 years’ experience 
leading sales, marketing and business 
operations for some of America’s 
leading food companies. Previously, 
he was President and COO at Chobani, 
and CEO at Nestlé North America’s 
water business. 
65

Page 34:
67
Financial & ESG Summary 2022
1. Based on Upfield’s butters and spreads when compared 
on a weighted average basis with dairy butter across 
North America and Europe. ISO compliant life cycle 
assessment conducted by Quantis Consulting published 
in the International Journal of Lifecycle Assessment. 
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11367-
019-01703-w
Source: https://upfield.com/purpose/better-planet/
climate-action/#:~:text=We%20have%20learnt%20
that%20across,same%20amount%20of%20
dairy%20butter  
2. Source: Based on Global AC Nielsen data as at Q4 
2022 (P12 2022). Comparing Upfield products to dairy 
butter. Pricing is at the discretion of the retailer.
3. Brand Power Index defined by Kantar based on how 
meaningful, salient and different they are.
4. Close up Flora Salted Plant Butter tasted / like dairy 
butter - 2022
5. Source: Nielsen Quick use, Home test Branded (Flora 
Plant). Consumers tested in UK (223) who thought Flora 
Plant performed like or better than dairy – 2019.
6. Upfield ESG GRI Addendum
7. https://upfield.com/purpose/better-planet/climate-
action/
8. Based on Upfield’s Plant Butters and Spreads across 
North America and Europe. ISO compliant life cycle 
assessment conducted by Quantis Consulting published 
in the International Journal of Lifecycle Assessment. 
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11367-019-
01703-w
9. EAT, Dr. Brent Loken, (2020) – “Diets for a Better 
Future: Rebooting and Reimaging Healthy and 
Sustainable Food Systems in the G20,” Retrieved from 
- https://eatforum.org/content/uploads/2020/07/Diets-
for-a-Better-Future_G20_National-Dietary-Guidelines.
pdf 
10. Hannah Ritchie and Max Roser (2013) – “Land Use”, 
Published online at OurWorldInData.org Retrieved from: 
https://ourworldindata.org/land-use
11.https://upfield.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/
Upfield_portfolio_method_2022-v3-1.pdf
12. https://upfield.com/purpose/better-planet/climate-
action/
13. Core products that meet or exceed benchmarks on 
saturated fat. Includes Plant Butters and Spreads and 
Liquids in Europe and North America.
14. Trans-fats are unsaturated fatty acids. According 
to the World Health Organisation (WHO), these fats 
are naturally occurring in ruminants such as cows 
and sheep. They are also formed in some industrially 
processed fats, when hydrogen is added to vegetable 
oils converting the liquid into a solid, resulting in 
partially hydrogenated oil. The effect on blood lipids 
from both kinds of trans-fats appears to be similar, 
according to the WHO. A high intake of trans-fats 
increases the risk of death by 34%, coronary heart 
disease deaths by 28% and coronary heart disease by 
21%. Upfield products, unlike dairy products, contain 
absolutely no trans-fats.
15. https://www.heartuk.org.uk/healthy-living/
flora-proactiv#:~:text=Over%20 50%20clinical%20
studies%20have,have%20powerful%20cholesterol%20 
reducing%20properties
16. Based on Global AC Nielsen aggregate data as at 
Q4 2022 (P12 2022) comparing Upfield’s Plant Butters 
and Spreads to dairy butter. Pricing is at the discretion 
of the retailer.
17. Source: Euromonitor Health  and Nutrition 2020, 
fielded  February 2020 (n=21,739) 
https://go.euromonitor.com/rs/805-KOK-719/
images/Rise_Vegan_Vegetarian_Food.pdf
18. https://upfield.com/wp-content/
uploads/2022/05/Upfield_portfolio_
method_2022-v3-1.pdf
19. Based on Global AC Nielsen aggregate data as at 
Q4 2022 (P12 2022) comparing Upfield plant butter 
and spreads to dairy butter. Pricing is at the discretion 
of the retailer.
20. https://www.edf.org/climate/methane-crucial-
opportunity-climate-fight#:~:text=Methane%20
has%20more%20than%2080,by%20methane%20
from%20human%20actions
21. https://violifefoods.com/change-your-cheese/
22. https://upfield.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/
Business-Partner-Code-of-Conduct-Upfield.pdf
 https://upfield.com/wp-content/
uploads/2022/12/Upfield_Responsible_
Sourcing_Policy_3a824154b16.pdf
23. Source: Ingredients list for Flora Plant Butter
today when compared with the ingredients list
from a sample spreads product in 2018.
24. Source: Euromonitor Health and Nutrition 
2020, fielded February 2020 (n= 21,739)
https://go.euromonitor.com/rs/805-KOK-719/
images/Rise_Vegan_Vegetarian_Food.pdf
End notes
This document is printed 
on 100% recycled paper and 
the inks are 100% plant-based.

Page 35:
Financial & ESG Summary 2022

