Page 1:
T owards the sustainable 
agriculture network
Sustainability report
2022

Page 2:
Our commitment to operating sustainably and 
establishing Viterra as the sustainable network is an 
integral part of our business.

Page 3:
Contents
Overview
2 A message from our Chief Executive Officer
4 2022 highlights
5 About this report
6 Who we are
8 What we do
10 Our network
12 Our sustainability approach
14 Our focus areas and commitments
20 Governance, accountability and transparency
26 Stakeholder collaboration and engagement
28 Alignment with Sustainable Development Goals
29 Our people
Pillars
33 Health and safety
41 Environment
57 Community
63 Human rights
67 Food and feed safety
Other
71 Key performance indicators
74 Assurance report of the independent auditor
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 1
Health and safety

Page 4:
A message from our 
Chief Executive Officer
Health and safety remains a primary focus for our 
business. In 2018, we set ourselves a target to reduce 
injuries by 50% by the end of 2023. I am pleased to 
report we achieved this target in 2022, with a 50% 
reduction in our total recordable injury frequency 
rate (TRIFR) over four years. The improvements we 
have seen in our safety performance is a testament 
to our people doing their jobs exceptionally well, and 
responsibly. 
This year, we have had a greater focus on 
environmental sustainability. 
Our long-term success lies in meeting ambitious 
targets, including a reduced reliance on fossil-
based fuels and associated carbon emissions, as 
well as ensuring the products we handle originate 
from sustainable sources. Our focus is not only on 
our own operations, we are also concentrating on 
sustainability along our supply chains, from producers 
through to destination customers. We have continued 
to grow and invest in our origination network, which 
gives us an unrivalled ability to source products 
directly from producers. This allows us to meet the 
ever-increasing demand for traceable products from 
sustainable origins, quality controlled from the farm 
gate to the hands of the customer.
A major step in our sustainability programme in 2022, 
was the announcement of our ambition to be carbon 
net zero by 2050 for scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
Using 2022 data as the baseline, we have now 
set a 10 year target to reduce our scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 25% (intensity 
based) across our operational assets. Our targets are 
in line with a well below 2ºC global warming pathway, 
and the baseline and trajectory for the targets have 
been subject to external review to validate our 
ambition.
Viterra is already a significant user of renewable 
energy sources, with around half of the energy we 
currently use provided by green energy sources. This 
medium term target will help to guide our pathway to 
net zero and ensure we remain on track.
Our participation in the Agriculture Sector Roadmap 
to 1.5°C, launched during COP27 with 13 other 
signatories, strengthens our commitment to end 
deforestation within our South American soy supply 
chains by the end of 2025. We have published 
our implementation plan and updated our soy 
sustainability policy for South America in line with our 
roadmap commitments.
Another step towards achieving sustainability along 
our supply chains is developing and publishing our 
Viterra supplier code of conduct which we finalised in 
early 2023. 
The code defines our expectations of our suppliers 
regarding ethical business practices, health and 
safety, food and feed safety, labour standards 
and human rights, the environment and local 
communities. 
As a world leader in the agriculture 
industry, we have a responsibility to care 
for our people, our communities and our 
environment, ensuring the continued 
supply of food is achieved sustainably, for 
generations to come. 
Sustainability report 20222

Page 5:
We are committed to supporting the long-term 
prosperity of the local communities where we 
operate. Our Viterra Community Fund provides a 
structured and consistent approach to our support 
for communities, with a focus on environmental care, 
capability building, health improvement and disaster 
relief.
We continue to support our people in Ukraine, 
paying full salaries to all colleagues regardless of 
whether they are able to work. While we have been 
able to recommence operation of several facilities 
and supply chains within Ukraine, some locations in 
high-risk regions remain shut based on our internal 
assessments. In 2022, we announced our pledge of 
$2.5 million over five years to The HALO Trust, the 
world’s largest humanitarian landmine clearance 
organisation, to expand its operations in Ukraine to 
clear agricultural land, allowing producers safe access 
to resume production.
We are excited to welcome our colleagues from 
Gavilon into Viterra following the acquisition of the 
business last year. We have rolled out our values, code 
of conduct and several supporting policies, and are 
launching SafeAgri and our safety processes during 
2023. We expect there will be an impact on our safety 
performance results in the short term, though we 
are confident we will turn this around quickly as we 
implement our proven safety practices.
Each year we have been increasing our governance 
and transparency for sustainability. We have 
established an environment, social and governance 
(ESG) Board committee which will provide oversight 
of our ESG and climate related programmes and 
performance. We have significantly expanded the 
information published in our 2022 sustainability 
report based on the material topics identified for 
our business and supply chains and our strategic 
objective of improving our transparency and ESG 
credentials. We are seeking an independent ESG 
rating, having selected Morningstar Sustainalytics as 
our agency. We intend to announce the rating in 2023.
Our operational and sustainability performance 
results have been achieved through the ongoing 
commitment of our colleagues and I would like to 
thank them for their valued efforts. I would also like 
to acknowledge our customers and business partners 
across our network who support us and share our 
sustainability ambitions.
Continuing to improve on our sustainability 
performance is critical to our long-term success, and 
I am confident that in working together, the ambitious 
targets we have set for our business are wholly 
possible.  
David Mattiske 
Chief Executive Officer
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 3
Health and safety

Page 6:
2022 highlights
*Percentages show Viterra’s 2022 sustainability performance versus 2021 performance
10% reduction
in greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emission intensity
Carbon net  
zero 2050
ambition for scope 1 and 2 
emissions announced
23% 
increase
in proactive (near 
miss and hazard) 
reporting
Deforestation-free
soy and palm oil timebound 
implementation plans published
Safety
Other
Environment
15% 
reduction
in total recordable 
injury frequency 
rate (TRIFR) 10% decrease
in water withdrawal intensity
Scope 3 emissions 
commitment 
to measure, disclose and set 
a target for including land use 
change component by 2024
Supplier code 
of conduct
published
$3 million
in community 
investment
Community  
and human 
rights
Zero
reported serious 
food or feed safety 
incidents
Food and 
feed safety
Board environmental, 
social and governance 
(ESG) and carbon 
steering committees 
established
Sustainability-linked 
credit facilities
performance targets achieved
Sustainability report 20224

Page 7:
About this report
Report boundary
This report provides an overview of Viterra Limited’s 
(Viterra’s) sustainability approach and performance 
for the 12-month reporting period ended 31 December 
2022 and was reviewed by the Board and executive. 
It has been prepared with reference to the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting 
Standards, to reflect our most material environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) topics and align with our 
sustainability pillars.
The boundary of the report covers assets where 
we have operational control, material supply chains 
and it excludes investment and holding companies. 
Acquisitions are only included if they were fully 
integrated before 1 October of the reporting year. For 
this reason, acquisitions of Gavilon and the Bahia 
Blanca sunflower seeds and soybean processing 
facility have not been included into our 2022 
performance data. Both assets have been included 
into the new baseline for our new 2022 – 2032 
environmental targets.
Our environmental key performance indicators 
(KPIs) cover our processing, refining and farming 
assets, and as per our new 2022 environmental 
baseline also include our port terminals, storage and 
handling facilities. Our offices are excluded from our 
environmental KPIs due to immateriality.
Data from divestments is included until the month 
before disposal. Following the May 2022 divestment 
of our rice assets in Argentina and Uruguay, we have 
excluded their contribution to our environmental KPIs 
from 2020 baseline and onwards, on the basis of their 
material impact on our water withdrawal metric.
This report complements Viterra’s full-year report and 
modern slavery statement available on our website. 
Progress toward alignment with the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) is 
included in this report (see pages 43 - 47).
All monetary values are reporting in US dollars, unless 
stated otherwise.
Data and information
Viterra’s internal reporting systems capture and retain 
the data in this report with metrics primarily based on 
GRI indicators.
All figures stated in this report represent the latest 
available data unless stated otherwise. Some of the 
totals shown may reflect the rounding up or down of 
subtotals. In some cases, and where meaningful or 
material, we may have restated figures from previous 
years to reflect improvements in our data collection, 
analysis and validation systems. Any such cases are 
indicated and explained in this report.
We aim to report all incidents in the period in which 
they occur. Occasionally, reporting may be delayed to 
allow for an improved understanding of the incident 
or revisions to its classification. Where this results in a 
material restatement of previously reported data, we 
will publicly disclose the restatement and its rationale.
We may change our approach to how we report our 
data in future sustainability reports without prior 
announcement; we may also change the reporting of 
specific data and its interpretation.
Following an in-depth external review of the 
boundaries and reporting approach of our scope 
1 and 2 emissions, we have applied a number of 
improvements in our carbon accounting for 2022, 
leading to an immaterial net change to our 2022 
GHG values. We have included the non-biogenic 
emissions from using sustainable woodchips as a 
fuel and applied conservative CH 4 and N2O emission 
factors to usage of fossil liquid fuels. Additionally, 
we have started to report 10% of our Brazilian 
diesel consumption as biodiesel on the basis of the 
country's biodiesel blending policy.
Independent assurance
Deloitte has performed a limited assurance 
engagement of the 2022 figures for this report ( see 
pages 74 - 78).
In addition, we engaged Control Union to undertake 
limited assurance on soy traceability data ( see page 
52).
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 5
Health and safety

Page 8:
Who we are
Viterra is a leading, fully integrated global 
agriculture network which connects 
producers and consumers to supply 
sustainable, traceable and quality-
controlled agricultural products to end-
users around the world.
Our business, headquartered in Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands, covers the whole global supply chain, 
from the farm gate to the end user.
We use our decades of experience, diverse 
capabilities and our talented people to create 
innovative solutions that open up pathways and 
create value for our customers.
We are a responsible long-term business, continually 
investing in and developing our network, so that we 
can meet the needs of a growing world.
We are owned by three shareholders who support 
our vision: Glencore, CPP Investments and British 
Columbia Investment Management Corporation (BCI).
We believe in the 
power of connection
Sustainability report 20226

Page 9:
Our values
Viterra’s values empower our people to behave in 
ways that contribute to the success of our business 
as well as treating the world with respect.
We make things happen
Efficient and effective, 
we get the job done. We 
empower our people 
to make well-informed 
decisions, fast. We 
respond to change and 
pursue opportunity.
We are connected
We value diversity and work inclusively to 
bring together many minds, many talents 
and many perspectives. Throughout our 
network, we collaborate respectfully and 
build successful partnerships that last.
We are open
We are true to our word. We partner with colleagues and 
customers in a positive, straightforward way, operating 
with transparency and integrity to be successful.
We look ahead
We are solutions focused. The future 
presents us with possibilities. We 
constantly learn and evolve, developing 
new ways of doing business to be the 
leaders in our field.
We are responsible
We care for our colleagues, our customers, 
our communities and our environment. 
We prioritise safety and sustainability 
throughout our business, continuously 
looking to improve our performance and 
to maximise the positive contribution we 
make to the world.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 7
Health and safety

Page 10:
What we do
Other
We take great pride in supplying essential 
food and feed products to the world. Our 
agricultural network spans 37 countries, 
drawing on our close relationships with 
producers and end use customers, 
connecting them to provide traceable and 
sustainable agricultural commodities.
We are stewards of some of the world’s most critical 
food and feed supply networks. As one of the largest 
producer facing businesses in our industry, we source 
grains, oilseeds, pulses, sugar, rice and cotton from 
the major growing regions and use our extensive 
network of assets to store, transport and process 
them into a range of value-added products, delivering 
them to the exact quality and specifications our 
customers expect.
We market to food manufacturers, animal feed 
manufacturers, consumer product processors, 
local importers and distributors, and governments 
around the world. Our robust network of producers, 
combined with our strategically positioned assets, 
gives us the ability to originate supply from a range of 
origins so that we can meet their needs consistently 
and reliably.
Through our global chartering operations, we provide 
vessel transportation for a wide range of agricultural 
commodities. Our extensive fleet of vessels 
transports to hundreds of ports around the world 
annually.
Our diverse and talented workforce of more than 
17,500 people has extensive experience in global 
agricultural supply chains. Together, we provide our 
customers with dependable and efficient service and 
open pathways to new business.
Grains
Oilseeds
Sustainability report 20228

Page 11:
Sourced from major producing 
regions including Europe, Canada, US, 
Argentina and Australia.
Major destinations include China, 
southern Europe, South East Asia,  
and the Middle East.
Large export presence from Canada, 
US, Australia and South America, 
integrated with processing facilities.
Major destination markets include China, 
South East Asia, Australia and Europe.
Other commodity pipelines include our 
sugar milling and marketing, and raw 
cotton origination and marketing.
Viterra’s global trade flows are 
supported by our chartering team.
65 mMT
(million metric 
tonnes) 
marketing sales 
volume in 2022
35 mMT
marketing sales 
volume in 2022
1455
voyages in  
2022
20
commodities 
handled in 2022
22
commodities 
handled in 2022
Core commodities
Core commodities
Core commodities
Main uses
Main uses
Main uses
Wheat 
Pulses
Barley
Corn
Soybean
Sunseed
Rapeseed
Meals and oils
Biodiesel
Cotton
Sugar
Milling
Malting
Animal feed
Biofuels
Human consumption
Crushing
Biofuels
Animal feed
Fuel blending
Human consumption
Textile
Biofuels
Human consumption
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 9
Health and safety

Page 12:
Our network
North 
America
3
5
6
18
175+
6
6
6
South 
America
Storage and 
handling
270+ 
storage 
facilities in
65+
sourcing countries
13 
countries
~120,000
producer connections
We have storage  
and handling 
facilities in key 
growing regions to 
ensure products 
are available when 
customers need 
them.
30+ 
processing 
and refining 
facilities in
11 
countries
Processing 
and refining
Origination 
We own a range 
of facilities that 
enable us to provide 
commodities ready for 
consumer use.
We source 
directly from 
producers 
and producer 
cooperatives 
from all the main 
growing regions 
in the world. 
Our 
value 
chain
Marketing
Storage and 
handling
Processing  
and refining
Port terminals
Foktő, 
Hungary
Sustainability report 202210

Page 13:
Europe
Europe
Australia and 
New Zealand
Asia
Africa
13
6
4
25+
2
11
3
6
68+
Site numbers are as 
per environmental 
reporting definitions 
and are correct 
at the time of 
publishing.
1455 
ocean freight 
voyages
Logistics
200+ 
ocean-going 
vessels
Our comprehensive 
logistics network 
allows us to 
oversee our 
commodities 
from farm gate to 
customer.
29
port terminals in
10 
countries
Port terminals
Our network of 
port terminals 
in the main 
exporting 
countries ship 
to destinations 
around the world.
With our insight, experience,  
network and strong producer 
relationships, we originate 
agricultural commodities 
and supply them to 
customers worldwide.
102m 
tonnes of 
commodities 
marketed in 2022
34 countries
marketing offices in
8
Marketing
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 11
Health and safety

Page 14:
Our sustainability approach
Viterra’s sustainability approach is designed 
to safeguard our people and communities, 
protect the environment and ensure all our 
food and feed products are safe.
As a world-leading agricultural network, Viterra 
understands the vital role we play in the lives of 
everyone in that network, from the producers who 
grow commodities, to the consumers who buy them 
and the people who work for us. We are conscious of 
our obligations in the communities where we operate 
and to the environment we all share.
We aim to meet our responsibilities to everyone 
involved – to our people, suppliers, customers, 
communities and the environment, ensuring we fulfil 
and go beyond our legal requirements to manage the 
risks inherent in our business and to maintain our 
social licence to operate.
Sustainability report 202212

Page 15:
Health and safety
Lead the industry in health 
and safety, eliminating 
injuries and fatalities.
Community and 
human rights
Support the long-term 
development of local communities 
and uphold human rights.
Environment
Positively impact the 
environment where we 
operate and achieve 
sustainability along our 
supply chains.
Food and  
feed safety
Meet the highest standards 
in providing safe products 
to customers.
Our approach is based around four pillars
It encompasses all of our employees, our supply chain and every community in which we operate and from 
where we source our products.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 13
Health and safety

Page 16:
Our focus areas and commitments
Materiality assessment
This year, we updated our approach to how we 
determine materiality, extending the assessment to 
double materiality principles. This approach considers 
both the financial materiality (how external trends or 
ESG-factors affect our business and our decision-
making processes) and impact materiality (how 
the actions of our business impact society or the 
environment) for our business.
This methodology aligns with the EU’s Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive.
We were supported by external consultants to 
conduct this year’s assessment, which included 
a comprehensive review of current and emerging 
issues for our industry,  peer benchmarking, and 
engagement with our global stakeholders to capture a 
range of perspectives. This involved an online survey 
with senior management - covering all executive 
managers, regional chief operational officers, and 
functional global leads within Viterra; and interviews 
with stakeholder representatives, including Board 
members.
This year the scope of the assessment was expanded 
to cover the full breadth of ESG topics, in addition to 
our sustainability pillars which have been the focus 
for previous materiality assessments. 
Financial 
materiality
Topics that provide information on how 
sustainability matters affect Viterra’s 
development, performance, and position.
Topics that provide information  
necessary to understand Viterra’s im-
pacts on the economy, environment, and 
people.
Impact
materiality
Double
materiality
Sustainability report 202214

Page 17:
Our approach consisted of four stages as shown in 
the diagram; identification of the issues, prioritisation, 
internal validation and reporting.
2. Prioritisation
• Internal and external engagement
• Analysis
1. Identification
• Research and benchmarking
• Impact mapping
• Stakeholder identification
• Boundary setting
3. Validation
• Board ESG committee, senior 
management engagement
4. Report and integration
• Sustainability report disclosure
• Integration of topics into strategy and 
risk review processes
Materiality is a dynamic process and our assessment 
will be reviewed each year, taking into account a 
programme of stakeholder engagement, megatrends 
and external analysis.
The outcomes of the assessment determine the 
content of this report and informs our sustainability 
focus areas. The results are also integrated into our 
enterprise risk management review process.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 15
Health and safety

Page 18:
Material topics
Material issues identified during the 2022 process are shown in the table below and covered in this report. The 
top five issues are highlighted as priority topics.
Changes in material topics from last year include:
• Expansion of the climate change topic to include decarbonisation and scope 3 emissions.
• Update of responsible sourcing to specifically include traceability, and introducing the subtopic of 
eliminating deforestation in response to increased interest from our stakeholders.
• The introduction of the following new topics: diversity and equity; attracting, developing and empowering 
our people; governance, accountability and transparency; and ethics and conduct.
Our focus areas and commitments
Topic Definition Page Section
Environment
Climate change and 
decarbonisation
Reducing the GHG emissions from our own operations, through 
energy transitioning and energy efficiency measures, to mitigate 
climate change; and responding to climate change impacts through 
managing risks throughout our operations and supply chain and 
exploring new opportunities within markets and products that 
strengthen Viterra’s resilience.
43 - 49 Environment
Eliminating  
deforestation
Eliminating deforestation through sustainable land use 
management, thereby improving and maintaining the biodiversity of 
natural ecosystems.
51 - 53 Environment
Resource  
efficiency
Optimising our waste and water use efficiency and recovery, thereby 
mitigating water risk throughout the supply chain, especially in 
water-scarce regions.
54 Environment
Responsible sourcing  
and traceability
Ensuring sourcing from responsible producers and improving 
transparency and traceability in our supply chains.
50 - 53 Environment
Sustainability report 202216

Page 19:
Topic Definition Page Section
Social
Attracting, developing 
and empowering our 
people
Attracting, developing and empowering talent by ensuring an open 
and engaging work environment with opportunities for training and 
personal development.
31 Our people
Communities Supporting the long-term development of local communities with 
a focus on local economies, the environment, health and education 
through company-wide initiatives.
57 - 62 Community
Diversity and equity Driving positive change through promoting and ensuring diversity, 
inclusion and equity within Viterra, ensuring fair and equal treatment 
and compensation for all employees.
31 Our people
Health and safety Creating a healthy and safe work environment that fosters long-
term employee wellbeing by taking precautionary measures to 
prevent catastrophic events, eliminate fatalities and reduce the 
frequency and severity of common injuries.
33 - 40 Health and 
safety
Human rights Upholding the dignity, fundamental freedoms and human rights 
of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we 
operate and from which we source our products, as well as others 
affected by our activities.
63 - 66 Human rights
Stakeholder 
collaboration and 
engagement
Collaborating respectfully and building successful partnerships to 
enable sustainable agriculture transformations in our industry.
26 - 27 Overview
Governance
Ethics and conduct Conducting our business responsibly and ethically through our code 
of conduct, our values, and policies regarding global anti-corruption, 
thereby upholding high standards of responsible business 
throughout our value chain.
23 Overview
Food and feed safety Supplying our customers with safe food and feed products by 
upholding a wide range of quality management procedures which 
protect both animals and people from illness or injury and prevents 
environmental contamination.
67 - 70 Food and feed 
safety
Governance, 
accountability and 
transparency
Implementing policies and practices to manage risks and meet 
stakeholder expectations. Public reporting and transparency 
disclosures on our performance.
20 - 25 Overview
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 17
Health and safety

Page 20:
Our focus areas and commitments
Towards the sustainable agriculture network
Viterra has performance improvement targets set with consideration of 
our material sustainability risks and global megatrends. These targets 
enable a common understanding, both internally and externally, of our 
sustainability goals and performance.
Target By when Status How we progressed in 2022
Health and safety
Zero catastrophic events Annual Achieved 
Zero catastrophic events
Zero fatal incidents Annual Not achieved
One fatality ( see page 36)
50% reduction in annual TRIFR over five years, 
using 2018 as the baseline
2023 On track
TRIFR in 2022 was 4.65 (target was 5.15)
This is a 51% reduction compared to 2018 baseline
Environment
Reduce water withdrawal intensity by 1% year-on-
year (5% reduction by 2025, from 2020 baseline)
Annual 10% reduction
achieved compared to FY2021
Reduce fossil fuel usage intensity by 1% year-on-
year (5% reduction by 2025, from 2020 baseline)
Annual 5% reduction
achieved compared to FY2021
Reduce GHG emission intensity by 1% year-on-year 
(5% reduction by 2025, from 2020 baseline)
Annual 10% reduction
achieved compared to FY2021
Measure and disclose scope 3 emissions, and 
establish mid-term reduction target, including land 
use change component
2024 New
Increase traceable-to-origin of soy sourced from 
South America by 2%
Annual 2.8%
Increase in traceable-to-origin soy, to a total 
traceability of 75.5%
Develop timebound action plan for soy and palm oil 2022 Achieved
Soy and palm oil implementation plans are published 
on Viterra’s website
25% reduction in scope 1 and 2 (market based) GHG 
emission intensity over 10 years, from 2022 baseline
2032 New
100% of soy sourced from South America is 
deforestation and conversion free
2025 New
100% of palm oil sourced is verified no 
deforestation, no peat and no exploitation (NDPE)
2025 New
Key
Achieved  
In progress  
Not achieved 
Sustainability report 202218

Page 21:
Target By when Status How we progressed in 2022
Community and human rights
Zero human rights breaches Annual Achieved
Zero human rights breaches
Implementation of Viterra Community Fund 
protocol
2023 In progress
The Community Fund protocol has been developed  
$3 million in community investment in 2022
Develop roadmap to support social due diligence 
process, in alignment with Corporate Sustainability 
Due Diligence Directive
2023 New
Completion of modern slavery statement reporting Annual Complete
Viterra’s modern slavery statement was published in 
September, and is available on Viterra's website
Food and feed safety
Zero food and feed safety material breaches (level 
4 or 5)
Annual Achieved
Zero material food and feed safety breaches
Transition to global food and feed safety approach 
and policy implementation
2023 New
Governance and transparency
No material incidents of bribery of corruption Annual Achieved
Zero material incidents of bribery and corruption
Inaugurate Board ESG committee 2023 Complete
Board ESG committee established, and meetings 
commenced
Publish supplier code of conduct 2023 Complete
Viterra’s supplier code of conduct has been 
published and will continue to be implemented 
throughout 2023
Establish an ESG rating 2023 New Viterra have selected Morningstar Sustainalytics  to 
seek their first solicited ESG rating in 2023
Complete assurance over sustainability-
linked performance targets for financing and 
sustainability report
Annual Achieved
Limited assurance achieved over KPIs, expanding 
scope to cover soy traceability  (see page 52)
Our people
Establish global and regional diversity committees 2023 New
Integration of diversity with succession planning 
process
2023 New
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 19
Health and safety

Page 22:
Governance, accountability and transparency
We have a robust system of governance 
to oversee our sustainability strategy. It 
is led from the top and is based around 
our values and code of conduct, so that 
everybody in the business understands 
their role in ensuring the success, 
accountability and transparency of the 
strategy.
Governance and accountability
Our sustainability ambitions and actions are overseen 
by our Board of Directors and the global sustainability 
committee. These bodies consider not only our own 
assets but the sustainability performance of our 
global supply chains.
Strengthening our governance
We have recently established a Board ESG committee 
to ensure we operate in an openly sustainable, ethical 
and responsible manner, and manage our health 
and safety, environmental and community risks 
effectively.
In 2022, we also established an executive-level 
carbon steering committee to provide strategic 
oversight of our climate change and decarbonisation 
approach.
Our approach is underpinned by a robust 
organisational structure that ensures our standards 
meet or exceed legal requirements and address 
material risk. Our global sustainability team leads 
the development of company-wide policy and 
programmes, with regional management teams 
leading the local implementation with the support 
of their local sustainability teams. We monitor our 
performance closely at every level of the business.
Regional CEOs, sustainability 
leads and global forums 
Involvement with suppliers, 
communities, authorities, NGOs, 
industry associations and our 
employees
Carbon steering committee  
CEO, CFO, global commercial, 
chartering and sustainability 
functions
Global sustainability committee  
CEO, CFO, global sustainability  
and HR functions
Board ESG committee 
ESG and climate risk focus 
Board of Directors  
Oversight and regular  
performance communication
Sustainability report 202220

Page 23:
Global sustainability committee
Reflecting the importance we place on sustainability, 
the global sustainability committee is led by our 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and includes our Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO), Global Head of Sustainability 
and Executive Manager Human Resources & 
Communications. It is responsible for determining 
policy and strategy and for monitoring relevant risk 
management and performance. The committee 
continued to meet quarterly throughout 2022.
This committee reports directly to the Board of 
Directors through routinely scheduled risk updates.
Key focus areas for 2022
• Oversight of risk response for Ukraine employees 
and assets
• Development and endorsement of the global 
sustainability strategy
• Establishing a separate carbon steering 
committee to oversee strategic and tactical risks 
and opportunities relating to decarbonisation
• Determining the pathway and the right partner to 
enable Viterra to gain an ESG rating
• Setting a revised baseline for scope 1 and 2 
emissions 
• Monitoring of newly established regional 
environmental improvement plans
• Monitoring of progress towards climate related 
ambitions
• Monitoring of the development of the COP27 
sector roadmaps
• Overseeing the development of a supplier code of 
conduct
Key outcomes
• Publication of the global sustainability strategic 
plan which incorporates broader ESG ambitions for 
Viterra
• Framework agreed for establishing medium-term 
science informed emission reduction targets
• Work plans endorsed for Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), EU’s 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD), scope 3 emissions measurement and an 
ESG rating
• Morningstar Sustainalytics  selected and engaged 
to undertake an ESG rating assessment
• COP27 commitment implementation plans for soy 
and palm oil endorsed
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 21
Health and safety

Page 24:
Governance, accountability and transparency
2022 sustainability summit
After online summits in 2020 and 2021, we were pleased to be able to hold an in-person global 
sustainability summit in The Hague in November, with more than 100 business leaders from across our 
global business, from all regions and covering all departments.
This year’s theme was towards the sustainable network, in recognition of the journey we are on to 
create the world’s most sustainable agricultural network.
The day began with presentations from each member of the global sustainability committee, which set 
the scene for the day and highlighted the key achievements and the current sustainability projects the 
business is undertaking.
Business leaders gave a range of presentations on the different projects under each pillar, to share the 
progress we are making and key lessons for others to apply.
There was a particular focus on the environmental pillar of our approach to sustainability, especially 
our announcement of our net zero ambitions and our new decarbonisation pillars.
Participants left with a clear understanding of the direction and priorities for sustainability at Viterra 
and why it is so important to the shared success of our business, customers and partners.
Sustainability report 202222

Page 25:
Corporate policies
We have a range of 
policies, including 
anti-corruption and 
whistleblowing policies, 
which set out our 
strategic positions and 
inform our corporate 
decision making.
Operational policies
Our policies are 
supported in turn by 
more detailed operational 
policies, procedures 
and guidelines to meet 
the specific needs of 
individual assets.
Performance and alignment
Our sustainability progress is monitored by relevant 
business leaders and overseen by our global 
sustainability committee, to ensure it stays in line with 
the needs of our business. Performance in health, 
safety, environment, communities and human rights is 
a key element of management reporting to the global 
executive management team and the Board of Directors.
We regularly share our performance, learning and 
experiences with all internal stakeholders and 
management around the world to ensure everyone 
remains informed and benefits from being part of our 
global network.
Our values
Our values are key to how we run 
our business. They reflect our 
purpose, our priorities and the way 
we conduct ourselves, wherever 
we work and whatever our role. 
They are based on a series of 
positive behaviours – we make 
things happen, we are responsible, 
connected and open, and we look 
ahead. Our values define who we are 
and how we do business and govern 
our approach to sustainability.
Codes of conduct
These values provide the foundations 
for our business and supplier codes of 
conduct, which set out the standards 
we require people to understand and 
meet. These codes put our values into 
practice and inform our daily actions 
and decisions.
Maintaining the highest standards
Our approach to sustainability is underpinned by our standards that meet or exceed legal requirements.  
We monitor our performance closely.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 23
Health and safety

Page 26:
Governance, accountability and transparency
Transparency
In a world where the demand for verifiable 
sustainable practices in business is only going 
to grow, we are committed to operating with 
transparency and integrity in everything we do 
including disclosure of our progress. We create 
long term, successful partnerships that are built on 
doing business openly, fairly and in accordance with 
applicable law and accepted compliance standards.
It is critical to our business to demonstrate our 
sustainability and for that reason we have advancing 
our transparency as a specific objective within our 
strategy. Our aim is to align our policies, programmes 
and reporting with accepted standards and we 
are actively pursuing the external assessment 
and recognition of our sustainability activities by 
public ESG ratings agencies, including Morningstar 
Sustainalytics . 
We have aligned our activities to the United Nations 
Sustainability Development Goals (UNSDG) for some 
years, to ensure that our sustainability activities 
contribute to them (see page 28). We are also building 
on our current alignment with Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) standards and will be improving 
our ESG, climate change and other risk-related 
disclosures through a number of projects to align our 
reporting with the CSRD and the TCFD.
We are signatories to the United Nations Global 
Compact Principles. We provide updates in 
relation to our sustainability activity in our annual 
communication on progress report.
We have expanded our assurance programme, 
overlaid across our sustainability performance 
indicators, to further confirm the confidence we have 
in our reported performance as we work towards 
integrated financial and sustainability reporting. 
The additional scope includes soy traceability, and 
we have integrated storage and handling and port 
terminal assets in our 2022 environmental baseline 
(see pages 71 - 72).
As part of our ongoing commitment to transparency 
in our supply chain, we produce an annual modern 
slavery statement. Our Raising Concerns platform 
gives employees and others the opportunity to raise 
any grievances (see pages 65 - 66).
Sustainability report 202224

Page 27:
Sustainable financing
To introduce further transparency into our sustainability activities, we are embedding sustainability in 
our network through sustainable financing. We currently have four sustainability-linked credit facilities 
worth approximately $6 billion across our global business linked to sustainability targets which include a 
reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, a reduction in water and fossil energy consumption, increased 
traceable-to-origin soy sourced in South America, and achieving safety targets.
In Australia, we have refinanced our AU$800 million Borrowing Base Facility (BBF), which ties 
sustainability performance targets to the origination of domestic, sustainably grown grain and supports 
the purchase of grain direct from producers across Australia and protein meal from overseas farms that 
follow sustainable agricultural practices, including non-deforestation. The new facility introduces a new 
sustainability target focused on promoting producer engagement with the Better Cotton Initiative (BCI) 
and purchasing BCI-certified cotton as well as stretching the original targets further.
In our Asia business we have recently announced a new $50 million trade finance facility for which the 
rates are tied to the sustainability performance of our supply chain in palm oil and palm kernel expeller 
(PKE), a by-product of palm oil extraction that is used as feed for livestock. The targets set cover non-
deforestation and traceability goals and will encourage a greater proportion of our suppliers to commit 
to sustainable practices.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 25
Health and safety

Page 28:
Stakeholder engagement
We engage with a broad range of stakeholders directly and indirectly to communicate our approach to 
sustainability and better understand the material issues for our business and our supply chains as well as 
the established or emerging views of others. At a global level, we engage with our shareholders, banks, 
investors, customers and our partnership organisations. At a local level, we engage with producers, suppliers, 
communities, authorities, non-government organisations, industry associations and our employees.
The below table provides examples of how we engage with our main stakeholder groups.
Stakeholder collaboration and engagement
Stakeholder groups How we engage Areas of interest
Shareholders,  
Board of Directors
• Board meetings
• Management updates
• ESG strategy and performance
• Risk management
Financial  
institutions
• Roadshows
• Responding to ESG questionnaires
• Meetings
• Bank update calls
• Financial and non-financial reporting
• Website
• ESG strategy
• Climate change and decarbonisation
• Sustainable finance - performance against 
sustainability-linked targets
• Responsible sourcing practices
Producers and  
suppliers
• Local offices
• Newsletters, emails
• Field days, events, meetings
• Surveys
• Websites
• Producer digital platforms
• Social media
• Certification audits
• Raising Concerns programme
• Grain trade information
• Food and feed safety, including changing  
grain standards
• Traceability
• Supplier code of conduct
• Awareness of evolving customer preferences  
and sustainable agriculture
Customers • Meetings
• Responding to ESG customer surveys
• Audits
• Websites
• Food and feed safety
• Responsible sourcing and traceability
• Certified sustainable products
• Climate strategy
Employees • Company intranet, magazine
• Leadership communications
• Employee events, forums
• Dedicated communications team
• Materiality survey
• Raising Concerns programme
• Social media
• Diversity and inclusion
• Labour and human rights
• Learning and development
• Health and wellbeing
Local  
communities
• Local offices
• Partnerships, sponsorships, volunteering
• Community projects
• Social media, local news media
• Community sponsorships and partnerships
• Environmental stewardship
• Local employment
• Education and training
Government  
and regulators
• Compliance reporting
• Audits
• Participation in forums, meetings
• Websites
• Legal compliance
• Policy consultation
• Socio-economic impacts
Non-government 
organisations,  
industry associations
• Participation in events, panels, forums
• Ongoing meetings with partner organisations
• Progress reporting
• Websites
• Collaboration on shared challenges
• Research and development
• Climate change and decarbonisation
• Responsible sourcing, traceability, deforestation
Sustainability report 202226

Page 29:
Our partners
Viterra is a member of many organisations and a 
participant in product and sustainability standards 
organisations.
These partnerships, and the collective actions that 
come from them, give us the best opportunity to play 
an influential role in the industry and drive meaningful 
changes to meet the demand of consumers while 
preserving the same opportunities for future 
generations.
We also need the support of all other participants and 
stakeholders along the supply chain to realise our 
ambitions and achieve the sustainability targets we 
have set.
Agriculture Sector Roadmap to 1.5°C
In 2022, we worked with 13 other leading 
organisations and businesses in the agricultural 
sector to develop a roadmap to reduce emissions 
from land use change and the Agriculture Sector 
Roadmap to 1.5°C was launched as part of COP27 in 
Egypt. The roadmap was facilitated by the Tropical 
Forest Alliance and the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and will enable coordinated 
efforts in key agricultural areas around the world.
Farmer First Cluster
We are a member of the Soft Commodities Forum, 
with five other signatories to the Agriculture Sector 
Roadmap to 1.5°C (ADM, Bunge, Cargill, COFCO 
International and Louis Dreyfus Company). As 
one activity to implement the roadmap, the SCF 
has initiated the ‘Farmer First Cluster’ to channel 
investment from members towards a combination of 
solutions that will address soy-driven deforestation in 
key areas of the Cerrado in Brazil.
Sea Cargo Charter
We are collaborating with industry through the 
Sea Cargo Charter, which establishes a common 
framework to quantitatively assess and disclose the 
climate alignment of ship chartering activities around 
the globe.
Through the initiative, we are improving our internal 
reporting to standardise our data collection and 
improve visibility of our GHG impacts, and what we 
can do to reduce them.
We have worked with the following partners  
during 2022:
• World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD)
• Soft Commodities Forum (SCF)
• Brazilian Association of Vegetable Oil Industries 
(ABIOVE)
• Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS)
• Brazilian National Association of Cereal Exporters 
(ANEC)
• Amazon Soy Moratorium (ASM)
• United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
• COCERAL
• FEDIOL
• FEFAC
• European Biodiesel Board (EBB)
• Better Cotton Initiative (BCI)
• Cotton made in Africa (CmiA)
• Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
• Bonsucro
• International Sustainability and Carbon 
Certification (ISCC)
• Global Maritime Forum (GMF)
• Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)
• Tropical Forest Alliance (TFA)
• World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)
• Sea Cargo Charter (SCC)
• U.S. Cotton Trust Protocol
• Maritime Anti-Corruption Network (MACN)
• Cool Farm Alliance (CFA)
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 27
Health and safety

Page 30:
Alignment with Sustainable Development Goals
We are collectively contributing to local prosperity 
through connecting producers, who are an 
integral part of society and communities, to end 
use consumers through our network.
The availability of clean water for consumption 
and sanitation directly contributes to the 
wellbeing of people and their communities 
globally. We have reviewed our global water 
intake and confirmed that no water is drawn 
from water-stressed sources. Furthermore, 
we have made a commitment to reduce our 
total water intake at our processing plants. Our 
risk assessment shows that water shortages 
could affect our assets, the transport routes we 
use and agricultural production, where water 
availability has an impact on yields, soil health 
and availability of commodities.
Climate change is already affecting us, our 
communities and our supply chains. We are 
integrating climate change into our decision-
making through our commitments to reduce 
the intensity of our emissions and fossil energy 
use and increase our use of renewable energy.
Natural systems are important for maintaining 
and improving the biodiversity of our fauna 
and flora, preserving water systems and 
providing fresh water to communities. Our 
non-deforestation commitment for soy and the 
no deforestation, no peat and no exploitation 
commitment for palm oil contribute to the 
preservation of forests and natural ecosystems 
globally. We support the development of 
advanced agricultural systems, which improve 
soil health by using fewer fertilisers and 
pesticides and will result in less pressure on 
forests.
Large-scale transformations have a much 
higher chance of success when involving 
a majority of the industry and engaging 
all stakeholders, including producers and 
consumers. Industry partnerships are key 
to our ability to contribute to the necessary 
changes in our society, for which reason we 
are a member of several leading organisations.
We are focused on increasing the share of 
renewable energy used in our operations. We 
utilise former waste streams as renewable energy 
sources and leverage green energy networks 
wherever possible and practicable. As a provider 
of sustainable biofuels, we aim to support our 
customers in shifting to renewable energy.
Providing our workforce with a safe and healthy 
working environment free of harassment and 
discrimination is a priority for Viterra. Globally we 
focus on improving health and safety outcomes 
for everyone associated with our business.
We use all resources efficiently, taking care 
to minimise waste in our use of agricultural 
inputs, packaging and commodities. We source 
from responsible producers and we promote 
sustainable agriculture in our supply chains. We 
optimise our supply chains to make the most 
efficient use of routes and methods of transport.
We minimise the effect we have on the 
environment by controlling emissions and the 
quality of our waste and discharge.
We invest in local rural communities and connect 
them to global markets, which provides prosperity 
and reduces hunger. Our company strategy is 
built on connecting commodity producers to 
consumer markets, to level out differences in 
demand and supply for core agricultural products 
across the world.
Our approach to managing the quality control 
of our food and feed products prevents adverse 
impacts to our customers and consumers.
Our focus on the health and safety of our 
employees ensures a safe working environment 
for all by minimising risk to our employees’ 
physical and mental health.
We support gender equality and actively promote 
gender balance. We achieve this through 
encouraging and valuing diversity and inclusion 
in our workforce via our diversity policy and code 
of conduct.
We support the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and we have mapped them against our  
sustainability pillars. We take active measures to contribute to the following:
Sustainability report 202228

Page 31:
Our people
Our people are fundamental to our success 
and growth. Viterra has more than 17 ,500 
talented and dedicated people across the 
37 countries where we operate who come 
together to make our network thrive.
Sustainability report 2022 29

Page 32:
Why it matters
We want to attract, develop and empower our people 
at every level of our business. We strive to unlock the 
value of our colleagues through building an inclusive, 
diverse and engaged culture. We believe that a 
diverse workforce achieves innovative solutions and 
creates value for our business.
Our approach
Our business is a diverse network of people operating 
across a range of geographies, commodities and 
assets. Our values and code of conduct are at 
the core of our governance framework and guide 
and set clear expectations for behaviour. They are 
underpinned by our people policies and procedures, 
and dedicated training modules to reflect our 
expectations and create an environment where all 
employees are treated fairly and with respect.
We have a unique business culture that encourages 
our people to think big and develop their careers in an 
exciting and supportive environment. We recognise 
that our employees’ ability to perform to their best is 
fundamental for the successful delivery of our strategy.
Our values set the tone and culture of our business 
(see page 7). These reflect our desire to value 
diversity, empower our people, encourage a 
solutions-focused mindset and to collaborate in an 
open, respectful and responsible way.
We recognise and uphold the rights of our people to a 
safe workplace, enabling freedom of association and 
collective representation, offering fair compensation, 
job security and opportunities for development. 
We value and respect people from all backgrounds 
and seek to further improve and develop our culture 
of diversity and inclusion throughout our business.
Sustainability report 202230

Page 33:
Attracting, developing and 
empowering our people
We aim to be an employer of choice, a company 
where people can work, grow, develop and reach their 
potential. We treat all our people fairly, uphold their 
rights and reward them in line with their contribution 
to our success.
Across all our assets and offices, as a minimum, we 
comply with the standards set by the International 
Labour Organization (ILO), the UN Global Compact and 
the UN Guiding Principles. 
We recognise the importance of investing in the training 
and development of our people to enhance their skills 
and knowledge, and to ensure they have the tools they 
need to be successful. We have implemented a training 
and development approach that is designed to meet the 
needs of our employees at all levels.
We recruit the best candidates in the industry and 
develop our workforce to ensure and optimise the 
future success of our business.
We assess skills and competencies regularly, 
recognising talent, performance and potential, and 
providing appropriate support and development 
opportunities. 
The health and vitality of our people are prioritised 
and we offer support in relation to their wellbeing, 
so that our colleagues can perform to their best and 
achieve their full potential.
New employee onboarding
We induct new employees into the business with an 
introduction to our company’s culture, policies and 
procedures and safety protocols. The induction process 
is designed to ensure that all new employees have a 
solid foundation and understanding of our business and 
are equipped to work safely and effectively.
21%
females in 
management 
positions
24%
female 
employees
17,500+
workforce
Looking forward
We are proud of the progress we have made in 
promoting diversity and inclusion at Viterra, and look 
forward to building on this further in the coming 
years. In 2023, we are prioritising our diversity, equity 
and inclusion approach through dedicated actions 
across our network, including implementing global and 
regional diversity committees, integrating diversity 
within our succession planning, and improving 
understanding of bias behaviours through dedicated 
training programmes. 
Our progress in 2022
Diversity and equity
Diversity is important to our way of working and 
we recognise that a diverse and skilled workforce 
contributes to the success and sustainability of our 
business. We expect all our people to treat each other 
equally and with respect, and to follow our inclusive 
principles when interacting with each other. 
We are aiming to develop a workforce that is diversified 
in all aspects, including race, nationality, religion, 
gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, ancestry 
and social origin. Our commitment to diversity and 
inclusiveness is set out in our global diversity policy 
and refers to all areas of our business, including but 
not limited to the recruitment of new employees, 
developing our workforce, promoting and retaining 
employees and appointments at managerial levels.
Everyone in the business is asked to actively seek 
gender balance, encourage and support diversity, 
prevent discrimination of any kind and continue to 
develop our working environment so it provides full 
and equal participation and an inclusive culture for all 
groups within our workforce.
We also promote awareness of diversity in all its 
aspects among our employees and contractors and 
work to challenge traditional mindsets. We overcome 
unconscious biases that may occur in recruitment 
processes by encouraging hiring managers to 
look beyond traditional skill markets, and improve 
understanding of bias behaviours through training
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 31
Health and safety

Page 34:
Apprentice, trainee and graduate programmes
We offer regionally based graduate, apprentice and 
trainee programmes, for people at the start of their 
careers. We take a select number of graduates each 
year and provide them with support and training to 
participate across multiple departments and undertake 
a variety of tasks, while learning about their area of 
interest, the agriculture industry and our business. 
Our apprenticeship and trainee programmes give the 
opportunity to build skills, gain on-the-job experience 
and achieve externally recognised qualifications.
Professional development 
We offer and support a wide range of professional 
development opportunities. We have a robust 
internal training programme that includes courses 
on technical skills, leadership, ethics, conduct and 
other key areas. One example of this was our safety 
leadership course for operational leaders ( see page 
40).
We also offer opportunities for our employees to 
attend external training programmes, conferences 
and events.
Performance management 
Our performance management programme is 
designed to provide our people with ongoing feedback 
on their performance as well as opportunities for goal 
setting and career development planning. We believe 
that regular feedback and coaching is essential for 
employee growth and development, and we provide 
our managers with the tools and training they need to 
effectively manage performance. 
Mental health support
Good mental health supports people to thrive in their 
life, work and relationships with others. In various 
locations around the world we provide free, confidential 
and easily accessible support and counselling. These 
services are provided by third-party providers and can 
be used for a range of personal and work-related issues.
100%
employees with performance 
and development reviews
28
average hours of 
training per employee
Looking forward
In 2023, Viterra launched a campaign showcasing our 
employees to highlight the critical value each of our 
colleagues play in the overall success of our business, 
as well as the value being part of our network offers 
them personally. The pilot project consisted of 10 video 
interviews with a diverse group of colleagues in our 
Rotterdam office, with the intention to roll this project 
out across other regions of the business. 
Across each region, we continue to offer learning 
and development specific to our colleagues and the 
business’ needs. These range from leadership coaching, 
business skills short courses, and opportunities to learn 
and collaborate across our global business. 
Our progress in 2022
In October 2022, we completed the acquisition 
of Gavilon, adding more than 1000 people to our 
workforce and over 110 sites across the US to our 
global network. 
Following the acquisition, a major area of focus 
has been planning for the continued integration of 
Gavilon’s employees into the Viterra network, which 
will continue through 2023. 
Our integration programme covers a comprehensive 
induction process, including a bespoke welcome 
handbook to introduce the business and its broader 
culture and expectations, and training on our 
values, code of conduct and policies. Our SafeAgri 
programme will be a focus of the ongoing integration, 
through implementing our safety policies, processes 
and procedures as quickly as possible, and we are 
already engaging our new colleagues, from senior 
management to site employees, on our safety culture 
and what safety means to Viterra ( see pages 33 - 40).
Sustainability report 202232

Page 35:
The health and safety of Viterra’s people is 
our highest priority. We aim to be an industry 
leader in both health and safety outcomes. 
Our ultimate goal is for all our workplaces to 
be free from incidents and injuries.
Health and safety
Sustainability report 2022 33

Page 36:
Our approach
We concentrate on doing the things which make a 
positive impact on safety performance and improve 
our safety culture. The development of a culture 
where proactive reporting is not only an expectation 
of management but also of employees has been a 
constant focus across our entire business.  
A proactive approach enables us to identify and 
correct unsafe conditions or situations to help 
prevent any incident or injury.
Everyone who works for Viterra, both employees and 
contractors, is expected to take responsibility for 
their own safety, the safety of their colleagues and 
the communities in which we operate. Sharing this 
responsibility with all our people allows us to achieve 
our targets and longer-term objectives. We expect all 
management to demonstrate strong safety leadership, 
to make decisions consistent with our values and 
priorities, recognise and reward contributions and to 
hold their people accountable for safety performance. 
We continually manage and reduce risk and harm 
through effective planning and integration of our 
global health and safety programme SafeAgri 
throughout our network. SafeAgri enables everyone 
in our business to focus on creating safer workplaces 
by applying business-wide standards, while retaining 
the flexibility to deal with local issues as necessary. 
We invest in strengthening our health and safety 
systems and ensure that global advice on preventing 
harm in our workplaces is contemporary and available 
to all through our global intranet. We maintain 
effective management of catastrophic risks through 
the routine monitoring of critical controls.
Our relentless focus on continuous improvement 
is achieved through our improvement planning 
framework, which is integrated into our local business 
and capital expenditure planning. Each region or 
business develops an annual safety improvement plan, 
focused on the implementation of global objectives and 
programmes within their local setting. The execution 
of tailored actions in these annual plans contributes to 
global improvement targets as well as improving local 
risk factors that could cause injuries and incidents.
The monitoring of health and safety performance 
and emerging issues is the responsibility of our global 
sustainability committee. Standard health and safety 
reporting is conducted routinely and reported globally 
which allows each region and business to maintain 
full awareness of performance and trends. We also 
share all significant incidents, investigation outcomes 
and associated learning to build risk awareness 
across the network and allow for solutions to be 
applied to prevent incidents elsewhere.
Why it matters
A safe and healthy working environment is 
essential to the long-term wellbeing of our people 
and the sustainability of our supply chains.
Sustainability report 202234

Page 37:
Planning for improvement
Viterra’s health and safety approach continues 
to provide clear direction for the entire network, 
with local plans focused on achieving continuous 
improvement in defined health and safety outcomes.
We have three priority areas to provide consistent 
focus across the network, namely to:
• prevent catastrophic events
• eliminate fatal incidents
• reduce the frequency and severity  
of common injuries.
Our approach to health and safety continues to 
provide steady and sustained improvement  
through three key programmes:
• enhancing our risk management capabilities
• developing our safety culture
• ensuring consistent health and safety  
standards globally.
Our health and safety targets
As we continue to develop our approach to achieving 
workplaces free from injuries and incidents we have 
expanded our key performance indicators (KPIs) and 
associated targets. The following targets remain 
critical to our success and have been consistent since 
we established our improvement roadmap in 2018:
• zero catastrophic events
• zero fatal incidents
• 50% reduction in total recordable injury  
frequency rate (TRIFR) over five years,  
using 2018 as the baseline.
In 2022 we added the following target, which will 
continue for 2023:
• 5% reduction in serious injury frequency rate 
(SIFR).
After a review of our progress by our global 
sustainability committee and a focus on continuous 
improvement in risk management we have introduced 
two new quantitative outcome targets:
• 95% minimum compliance with catastrophic risk 
management critical control performance
• 90% minimum compliance with SafeAgri protocol 
requirements.
Our progress in 2022 
23%
increase in proactive 
(near miss and hazard) 
reporting
37%
increase in disabling 
injury severity rate 
(DISR)
8%
reduction in serious 
injury frequency 
rate (SIFR)
22%
reduction in 
disabling injuries
35%
increase in the 
days impacted 
by injuries
16%
reduction in 
reported injuries 
to employees and 
contractors
72%
increase in 
disability duration
9%
reduction in 
serious injuries
18%
reduction in 
lost time injury 
frequency rate 
(LTIFR)
40%
increase in the 
number of reported 
high potential risk 
incidents
15%
reduction in total 
recordable injury 
frequency rate (TRIFR)
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 35
Health and safety

Page 38:
By the end of 2022 we are pleased to report we 
have achieved our five-year ambition to reduce 
our TRIFR by 50% based on our 2018 performance 
baseline. We continue to make our workplaces safer. 
This achievement is one year earlier than our target, 
demonstrating the positive and effective integration 
of safety into every aspect of our network. This 
includes consolidation of Renova performance after 
the targets were established. It has confirmed our 
progress towards our ultimate aim of being the 
industry leader for health and safety outcomes.
We sadly report one fatality within our network 
in 2022 where a contractor lost their life while 
conducting unauthorised working at heights activities 
at one of our crush plants in Europe. We continue to 
work with applicable regulatory agencies and once 
investigations are complete we will identify and 
implement businesswide action if necessary.
We saw improvement in many of our health and 
safety performance measures through 2022. We 
achieved a reduction in negative events including 
total injuries, lost-time injuries, restricted work injuries 
and serious injuries. However, the severity of those 
injuries measured by the days impacted increased. 
Our analysis indicates this has been heavily affected 
by the remoteness of some of our locations and 
the ability in these places to effectively engage 
with medical support aligned with our  stay at work 
approach to injury management. 
We also experienced an increase in high potential risk 
incidents or serious near misses, which was partly due 
to ever-improving reporting expectations and partly to 
an increase in contractor driver falls from vehicles and 
product-fire-related incidents. Each region or business 
has to respond to such local contributing factors within 
their safety improvement plans. 
In 2022, we continued to see the positive impacts of our 
safety culture development programmes, with further 
improvement in proactive reporting of unsafe situations, 
unsafe conditions and near-miss incidents across the 
entire network. We continue to focus on the quality 
of reports from our employees as well demonstrating 
our commitment to safety by implementing corrective 
actions.
We have strengthened our SafeAgri programme with 
the creation of a new hazard protocol for drowning, 
to provide the business with minimum standards for 
managing risks associated with accessing bodies of 
water, a typical hazard at our port terminals and barging 
locations. We also published a guideline for machine 
guarding to provide guidance for how best to install 
effective guarding for equipment typical to our industry.
Looking forward
Through 2023 we will continue to focus on our global 
improvement plan and to over-achieve against 
our stated ambition from 2019. We are focusing on 
integrating SafeAgri into our Gavilon business in the 
US and Mexico. There are opportunities to build on 
local safety programmes and improve safety outcomes 
for our new workforce in that part of our network. We 
anticipate there will be a negative impact on some 
performance indicators from the integration of Gavilon 
but expect, as with our recent Renova acquisition, we 
will see significant improvement as our approach to 
managing safety gains traction with the support and 
leadership of local management.
Our expanded health and safety targets are 
concentrated on further accelerating the effectiveness 
of our risk controls and providing sufficient governance. 
We will monitor these newly established targets and 
respond to any areas for improvement throughout 2023. 
These targets are designed to ensure we are effectively 
and continuously controlling catastrophic risks and to 
accelerate compliance with our SafeAgri requirements 
across all assets. We are also continuing our global 
catastrophic risk management assurance programme of 
second-party audits and conducting first-party audits 
globally for a number of our hazard protocols including 
fire risks, as a consequence of the increase in product-
related fires in 2022.
202
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Disabling injury severity rate (DISR) 
37%  increase
175
136
78
107
9.52018
2019 7.1
2020 6.1
2021 5.4
2022 4.7
Total recordable injury frequency rate (TRIFR) 
14.5%  reduction
Sustainability report 202236

Page 39:
A focus on working at heights
Incidents and near-misses associated with 
work being performed at heights have reduced 
significantly since 2019 through the integration 
of SafeAgri across the network and local focused 
programmes. Through 2022 we continued to 
reduce risks associated with working off the 
ground across our network. 
Integrating safety at the design stage is an 
effective means of risk control, and our SafeAgri 
working at heights protocol ensures that new 
builds or upgrades provide safe access for working 
at heights. Some examples of this application 
include the installation of service platforms to 
ensure newly installed conveying equipment at 
Winkler, Canada and our new storage facility in 
Portland, UK can be cleaned and maintained. 
We have continued to invest in creating safe 
access for working at heights within and around 
buildings across many of our sites. Our Bodaczow 
crush plant in Poland has seen several upgrades to 
improve safe access for temperature monitoring 
and reduce the need to work off portable ladders. 
In Argentina, we are also re-engineering access to 
replace tall ladders with stairs. 
Providing safe access to buildings for maintenance 
and hygiene activities is not the sole focus of our 
working at heights programme. For example, in 
our Montreal port terminal the local team worked 
together to improve vessel access and egress, 
having designed and then had constructed a 
mobile hydraulic gangway. 
In addition to physical improvements we continue 
to invest in our employees and develop their risk 
management capabilities, ranging from formal 
training sessions to promotion campaigns, so 
that everyone has a full understanding of how to 
keep themselves and their colleagues safe when 
working at heights.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 37
Health and safety

Page 40:
Bowties used to manage catastrophic hazards
Within Viterra’s SafeAgri programme we have 
identified a number of potentially catastrophic 
hazards applicable to our operating sites, 
namely dust explosion, vapour explosion, use 
of personnel lifts and bussing. Having adopted 
the bowtie methodology for assessing and 
controlling catastrophic risks, our operational 
sites have completed more than 400 bowtie 
risk assessments since the bowtie project 
commenced in 2019. This method for risk 
identification, analysis and management 
contains some basic elements: hazard, top event, 
threats, consequences, preventive controls and 
mitigating controls. By considering each of these 
elements managers can build a comprehensive 
and local understanding of each risk and what 
controls are required to mitigate and manage the 
risk.
Although the methodology was already in use in 
several regions some used a software solution 
to develop their bowties, while others used 
other methods. This made it hard to evaluate the 
quality of the bowties. Each region or country 
reported on the effectiveness of the critical 
controls without health and safety leaders able 
to consistently validate the effectiveness of the 
controls with particular emphasis on the critical 
controls.
We have implemented a single global software 
solution which now consolidates the catastrophic 
risk management processes and critical 
control monitoring for improved governance of 
catastrophic risks.  
Operations and health and safety team 
members from every region share the process of 
developing bowties for the catastrophic hazards 
faced in their operations, together with the 
monitoring and reporting of the effectiveness of 
the critical controls.
All catastrophic bowties were completed and 
approved by the relevant operations manager 
in 2022. Online surveys have been developed 
for each critical control to ensure their 
performance is routinely monitored and reported 
at frequencies determined by the operations. 
This monitoring in turns provides confidence 
that catastrophic risks are being effectively 
controlled.
Sustainability report 202238

Page 41:
Advances in safety training 
through virtual reality simulators
Our grain handling business in Brazil 
has invested in innovative virtual reality 
simulators to give colleagues practical and 
engaging safety training in a realistic, yet 
completely safe environment. 
The cutting-edge technology offers 
colleagues a unique and unparalleled 
training experience. Wearing 3D virtual 
reality glasses, they move through simulated 
industrial surroundings, encountering a 
range of potential safety hazards as they go. 
They can put their existing knowledge in to 
action, as well as learn new skills to better 
identify potential safety hazards in their 
everyday work. 
This initiative supports the regular training 
programme conducted by shift leaders, 
which includes theoretical risk perception 
training, on-site safety walks and active 
discussion during each pre-shift meeting. 
It also allows our safety leadership team 
to gain greater insight into the current 
knowledge and behaviours of their teams, 
identifying areas where further training 
could be of value.
Since implementation of the virtual reality 
training, we are pleased to report a notable 
improvement in our colleagues’ risk 
perception, alongside a reduction in our 
TRIFR. We plan to trial the training at other 
locations in our network in the future.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 39
Health and safety

Page 42:
Safety leadership training builds culture
We are continuing to build our safety culture with 
an emphasis on safety leadership.
In our Australian and New Zealand (ANZ) business we 
have developed a programme for operational leaders 
to have more effective safety conversations. 
The programme focuses on the impact 
communication can have on safety performance 
and is designed to give leaders the skills to engage 
with employees to ensure they gain a better 
understanding of why safety is important, how it 
applies to them, and how they can influence others.  
An effective safety conversation can promote and 
praise positive safe behaviours identified in the 
workplace, expand understanding and help explore 
opportunities to make things safer.
The two-day courses were led by an organisational 
psychologist and coach with sessions about 
different types of safety conversations, when 
they should be used and how to make sure they 
are effective for everyone involved. Operational 
and maintenance leaders from across the network 
participated in the programme.
We received some great feedback on the course 
with attendees saying it has made a big difference 
in approaching safety conversations with greater 
confidence, being aware of how to have more 
positive and constructive conversations and learn 
from employees.
The training took place shortly before the busy 
harvest period and had an immediate impact. 
With many new people employed for the season 
it was especially important that leaders were able 
to communicate effectively around both safe and 
unsafe practices. 
In 2022, every site across ANZ stopped operations 
for a safety meeting about the importance of 
identifying hazards before commencing a task, and 
taking the time to remove the hazard or reduce the 
risk. This reinforced our message that safety is our 
business’ most important measure of success, and 
no operational need comes before it.   
In our Brazil Bioenergia business, a new safety 
workshop was introduced for site leaders where 
there had been safety incidents in the previous year. 
The event was conducted by the human resources 
(HR) coordinator and health, safety, environment 
and community (HSEC) manager, to reemphasise 
the health and safety priorities and targets, and how 
leaders can contribute to achieving an effective 
safety culture. 
A selection of each site’s serious injuries and 
high potential risk incidents from the last year 
were discussed, with participants analysing and 
reflecting how the situation and the individual’s 
behaviour contributed to those incidents; and the 
importance of their role as leaders in maintaining a 
safe workplace culture.
Our global pre-task risk assessment tool, take 5 for 
safety, has been progressively rolled out across 
the business over a number of years. 
Take 5 for safety was introduced into Viterra’s North 
America business in 2022, with a focused launch 
campaign including several in-person sessions 
at our Canadian and existing US facilities. The 
sessions for all employees were attended by the 
executive management and environment, health and 
safety team members to reiterate the importance 
of this campaign and reinforce our obligations to 
personal safety. Remote training sessions were 
delivered online to all the other facilities across the 
local network. Our approach resulted in a positive 
response and strong uptake from employees. 
Sustainability report 202240

Page 43:
We aim to positively impact the 
environment wherever we operate 
and advance sustainability across our 
supply chains, from producer to end 
use customer.
Environment
Sustainability report 2022 41

Page 44:
Why it matters
As the global population grows there is a rising 
demand for food, feed and renewable fuels. An 
increase in production puts pressure on the 
environment through agricultural expansion and 
consumption of precious natural resources. 
As one of the world’s leading agriculture networks,  
we play an important role in global commodity 
markets to meet this demand without affecting 
future generations. 
Our approach
Our commitment to operating sustainably and 
establishing Viterra as the sustainable network is an 
integral part of our business. We have an unrivalled 
ability to originate directly from producers and deliver 
low carbon products to customers through our 
traceable and quality-controlled network. For example, 
as one of the leading suppliers for feedstocks of 
biofuels globally, we enable our customers to transition 
towards lower carbon energy usage. 
We support both the global United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG) and the 
Paris Agreement climate targets and believe they 
can be achieved by working together through 
partnerships (see page 27).
Our approach to environmental stewardship is based 
on understanding the potential impacts of our 
operations and supply chain on the environment. 
In accordance with our health, safety, environment 
and community (HSEC) policy, we manage our 
impacts, maintain compliance as a minimum, and 
improve our environmental performance through our 
environmental improvement planning framework. 
This supports our aim to positively impact the 
environment wherever we operate and achieve 
sustainability along our supply chains.
All regions have local environment improvement plans 
focusing on short- and medium-term actions to drive 
improvement, aligned with our global objectives and 
targets. Progress on these plans is routinely reported 
and reviewed by the global sustainability committee, 
and material risks integrated into the enterprise risk 
register. Environmental incidents are reported and 
investigated through our HSEC incident management 
process, and all major incidents reported to the 
Board. For 2022, there were zero major environmental 
incidents.
2022 highlights
10%
reduction in 
greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
intensity (scope 1 
and 2)
1.6%
increase in renewable 
energy
5%
reduction in fossil 
energy intensity
10%
reduction in 
water withdrawal 
intensity
23%
increase in palm 
kernel expeller 
(PKE) sourced 
from suppliers with 
Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm 
Oil (RSPO) and/or 
no deforestation, 
no peat and no 
exploitation  
(NDPE) policy
Deforestation 
free 
soy and palm 
oil timebound 
implementation  
plans published
75.5%
traceable to origin soy 
sourced from South 
America
100%
palm oil sourced 
from suppliers with 
RSPO membership
Sustainability report 202242

Page 45:
Climate change and decarbonisation 
We understand the impact climate change can have on 
our sector – from changing weather patterns to shifts 
in growing seasons and yields, increased regulation, 
transition in technology and societal expectations.
To guide us on our pathway to decarbonisation, we 
have announced our ambition to become carbon net 
zero by 2050 for scope 1 and 2 emissions and set a 
medium-term emission reduction target. We are also 
working towards measuring our scope 3 emissions, in 
preparation for setting a target in 2024. 
We want to be part of the solution to help tackle 
climate change. Some of the ways we are doing this 
are through:
• supply of feedstocks and renewable fuels, we 
facilitate our customers in transitioning towards 
lower carbon energy mixes
• our deforestation-free sourcing approach we are 
contributing to preserving biodiversity and limiting 
emissions from land use change
• working together with our producers to support 
sustainable agriculture and deliver low carbon 
commodities
• collaborating with peers and partners to accelerate 
action towards a 1.5°C climate pathway (see page 
27).
Meeting external frameworks
Viterra supports the Paris Agreement objectives and 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 
assessment of climate change science and through 
our climate change approach, we are contributing to 
the UNSDG 13: climate action.
To provide a structured approach to assessing, 
managing and disclosing on climate change, we 
have committed to align our reporting with the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework over a 
three-year period. 
Further information on our progress this year is 
shown in the following table. We are strengthening 
our climate-related governance approach having 
established a carbon steering committee and Board 
ESG committee (see page 20), and set a scope 1 and 
2 emission reduction target aligned with a well below 
2ºC pathway.
Planning for improvement
Through 2022 we refreshed our global environmental strategy, focused on delivering the following three 
objectives:
Improving our operational 
impacts  
Reducing the impact of our own 
operations, including reducing 
the reliance on scarce natural 
resources such as water and 
fossil fuels, and working to 
minimise and prevent any impact 
on the local environment through 
emissions.
Achieving sustainable 
agriculture networks  
Working with our supply chains to 
increase responsible sourcing and 
improve traceability, delivering 
sustainable, lower carbon supply 
to our customers.
Advancing our transparency 
and environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) credentials  
Continue to be open with our 
stakeholders and confirm our 
commitment to ESG through 
global public ratings and 
transparent reporting.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 43
Health and safety

Page 46:
Actions towards TCFD recommendations
Actions
TCFD element Our progress Next steps 2023 Looking forward 2024+ 
Governance
Disclose the organisation’s 
governance around climate-
related risks and opportunities
Carbon steering committee 
established
Board ESG committee 
established
Sustainable biomass policy 
development
Integrate climate change into 
broader business decision 
making processes, including 
capital planning and key 
performance indicators (KPIs)
Review and formalise 
governance of climate-related 
risks and opportunities, including 
integration into charters
Embed climate change 
into relevant governance 
structures
Disclosure aligned with 
the recommendations of 
the TCFD
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential 
impacts of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on the 
organisation’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning 
where such information is 
material
Commenced identification 
of physical and transition 
climate-related risks to the 
business
Analysis of our climate-related 
risks and opportunities under 
climate scenarios
Disclosure of risk and 
opportunities for material trade 
flows
Disclose resilience of 
business model to climate 
change scenarios, 
including financial 
impacts where material
Continued review of 
scenario assumptions 
and impact on business
Risk management
Disclose how the organisation 
identifies, assesses and 
manages climate-related risks
TCFD gap analysis 
undertaken
Climate-related risk 
introduced into enterprise 
risk register
Develop a methodology for 
annual monitoring of risks and 
opportunities and integrate into 
risk process 
Annual disclosure of 
process applied for risk 
disclosure and resilience 
assessments
Metrics and targets
Disclose the metrics and targets 
used to assess and manage 
relevant climate-related risks 
and opportunities where such 
information is material
Reporting and assurance of 
scope 1 and 2 emissions 
New 10-year reduction 
target established informed 
by technical analysis to 
align with a well below 2ºC 
pathway
Set baseline and disclose 
material scope 3 emissions, with 
external validation
Ongoing reporting and assurance 
of scope 1 and 2 emissions, and 
performance against target
Set reduction target for 
scope 3 emissions
Ongoing reporting and 
assurance for scope 1, 2 
and 3 emissions
Climate risk and opportunities 
Supported by an external consultant, we have commenced the identification of climate-related risks and 
opportunities, applying the TCFD framework. This has involved interviews with management across the 
business, complemented by drawing upon public sources from agriculture sector climate disclosures and 
academic research related to agriculture. The next steps will involve assessments of risks and opportunities 
with high potential impact and/or high degree of uncertainty associated with that impact, alongside 
identification of existing and desired risk mitigation activities. The process is guided and reviewed by the carbon 
steering committee.
Subject to further completion, classification and enhancement on the basis of planned risk management 
activities, the initial identification of climate change related risks is shown in the following table including 
examples from historic, ongoing or potential risk events.
Sustainability report 202244

Page 47:
TCFD category Risk and/or opportunity Description
Transition risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy
Policy and  
legal
Increased pricing of GHG 
emissions
Currently, a number of processing assets in EU and Canada are subject to 
emission trading schemes (ETS). The EU is expanding its scheme to include 
shipping to, from and within EU, which will bring our EU-related chartering 
activities into its scope. Further known developments include lowering of free 
allowances within EU ETS and Canadian legislation to increase carbon cost 
pricing. Other jurisdictions may introduce and/or expand similar carbon pricing 
schemes.
Enhanced emissions 
reporting obligations
The EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) will make GHG 
reporting mandatory for our EU-based operations. Other jurisdictions may 
introduce and/or drive further levels of granularity of GHG reporting for our local 
operations.
Mandates on, and regulation 
of existing products and 
services
Our biofuels operations and trading activities could be subject to changes in 
policies, which may either promote usage of biofuels as a biogenic substitute 
to fossil fuels, or limit its usage on the basis of concerns of wider impact like 
competition of agricultural resources to produce food versus fuel. 
Technology Substitution of existing 
products and services with 
lower emission options 
In the longer term, biofuels may face lower demand as electrification of 
transportation fleets lowers demand for liquid fuels.
Unsuccessful investment in 
new technologies
Infrastructure changes at our processing facilities, as part of our decarbonisation 
efforts, may over time become superseded by more effective energy transition 
pathways given longer term payback times of such investments.
Costs to transition to lower 
emissions technology
Procurement prices and/or opportunity cost of self-generated biomass as 
feedstock for our own renewable energy needs may increase as policies, peers 
and other industries result in increased demands for these feedstocks.
Markets Changing customer behaviour 
opening new markets
Increasingly, retail-oriented corporate customers may seek lower carbon 
footprints of agricultural products procured from us.
Increased cost of raw 
materials
Producers requiring higher prices for applying low carbon and regenerative 
agriculture practices.
Reputation Shift in consumer preferences Especially in western Europe, there may be a growing share of end consumers 
shifting to a vegetarian diet; this may increase demand for some food products 
but also lower demand for some feed products.
Increased stakeholder 
concern or negative 
stakeholder feedback
Stakeholders may require more rapid or ambitious decarbonisation pathways, 
including deforestation-free sourcing.
Physical risks related to the physical impacts of climate change
Acute Increased severity of extreme 
weather events such as 
cyclones, floods and droughts
Our sugarcane farming activities had increased levels of wildfires during droughts in 
2021; floods and droughts may impact yields of our suppliers as well as our rail and 
barge transportation corridors; cyclones may impact crops and storage facilities. 
Chronic Changes in precipitation 
patterns and extreme 
variability in weather patterns
Some of our origination regions may see an ongoing shift in their yields or 
preferred type of crops, which may impact our origination activities.
Rising mean  
temperatures
In the long term, the regions in which specific crops are grown may change, 
possibly requiring adaptation of our origination and handling activities.
Rising sea levels Some of our assets, like ports and processing activities which are near to sea, may 
require increased mitigation efforts to prevent flooding and adapt to higher sea 
levels.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 45
Health and safety

Page 48:
Emission reduction target and decarbonisation roadmap
Scope 1 and 2 - our operations
In 2022, we announced our ambition to become 
carbon net zero by 2050 for scope 1 and 2 emissions, 
helping our progress towards improving the long-term 
sustainability of our own operations.
Our initial focus was on identifying and assessing 
scope 1 and 2 emission reduction opportunities to build 
our decarbonisation roadmap and guide our target 
setting. These are the GHG emissions from fuels we 
use in our assets (scope 1) and the emissions related 
to the steam and electricity we purchase (scope 
2). Viterra is already a significant user of renewable 
energy sources, accounting for around half of the 
energy we use. 
We used a structured process to qualify and quantify 
reduction opportunities in all the major material assets 
in our portfolio. A key focus was on decarbonisation 
pathways for the fuel used for heating our processing 
plants, which largely use natural gas. 
Our emission reductions opportunity portfolio and 
trajectory were then independently reviewed across 
our five decarbonisation pillars:
• Sourcing renewables:  increased renewable 
electricity purchases throughout our operations as 
well as options to use additional bio-energy at some 
European facilities. 
• Energy efficiency:  including heat recovery and 
reuse opportunities, air preheating, condensate 
optimisations and boiler tuning.
• Evolving logistics:  in addition to simple 
electrification, options have been identified to apply 
biofuels from biomass residues produced at our 
farming operations.
• Agri-based solutions: sustainable biomass, 
primarily from residues of crops which we 
process in our facilities, already contribute to a 
significant share of our total energy mix. Further 
increasing usage of sustainable biomass, including 
redistributing to sites not having their biomass 
residues from our own operations.
• Technology and innovation: replacing our fossil-
based steam solutions with waste steam from 
nearby industrial facilities or by electrification.
In determining our target, we took into account 
risk-based considerations of these opportunities, 
comparing their cost savings or increases against 
the potential cost of higher carbon levels. We will 
continue to evaluate these and other opportunities as 
technologies and energy markets progress. 
Using 2022 data as the baseline, we have set a 25% 
intensity-based scope 1 and 2 reduction target, 
by 2032. This 10-year target has been informed 
by technical analysis to align with a well below 2ºC 
pathway. The scope covers scope 1 and 2 (market 
based) emissions for assets under our operational 
control, including processing, farming, storage and 
handling, and port terminals. The intensity basis is 
by tonnes of production, excluding the volumes of 
product handled by our storage, handling and port 
facilities, as their volumes are many times larger than 
our production levels, but contribute only a fraction 
of our overall GHG emissions. Both our baseline and 
trajectory for the targets have been validated by 
external review. 
The activities and actions to achieve these targets will 
be implemented over the next 10 years and are aligned 
within our decarbonisation pillars.
Reduce and remove carbon with 
technology and innovation  
Explore and develop new energy 
and low-carbon solutions
Source renewables  
Invest in green energy sourcing, 
assets and storage
Drive efficiency programmes  
Optimise operations and energy 
use
Evolve logistics 
Adapt to low-carbon transport 
networks
Develop agri-based solutions  
Pursue bio-based green energy 
and low carbon fuels
Our decarbonisation pillars
Sustainability report 202246

Page 49:
In support of our new emissions reduction target, we 
will also continue to embed our reduction ambitions 
throughout the governance of our business. We are 
including carbon-emission assessments and internal 
cost-of-carbon into our capital budget decision-making 
process, and have integrated carbon emission-based 
metrics into annual remuneration incentive schemes. 
A major contributor to our decarbonisation roadmap 
is our agri-based solutions pillar, through utilising 
sustainable biomass residues – a by-product from 
some of our processing operations – for energy. In 
the year ahead, we will develop a sustainable biomass 
policy to govern our ongoing usage of biomass. We will 
keep this policy and our decarbonisation target under 
review with the potential to become more ambitious 
as regulations, availability, accounting and reporting 
practices regarding usage of biomass for energy 
purposes and other technologies develop over time.
About our baseline  
Our new 2022 baseline for scope 1 and 2 emissions 
has been expanded in boundary to include farming 
activities*, storage and handling, port terminals and 
includes recent acquisitions like Gavilon, as per our 
environmental reporting standard to include the 
impact of mergers, acquisitions and divestments in 
our baseline. Greenfield developments, expansions of 
existing facilities and closures of facilities will not lead 
to restatements of our baseline.
Scope 3 – our supply chain
Around a quarter of the world’s GHG emissions are 
attributed to food production, and we know the 
agriculture sector has a responsibility to be part 
of the solution to climate change. Collaboration 
and partnerships within the sector are critical to 
accelerating climate action.
Operating a network that connects producers and 
end-use customers, Viterra is in a unique position 
to help drive change. We are actively working with 
customers, suppliers, researchers and industry bodies 
to progress sustainable agriculture opportunities. 
We have begun to assess and measure our scope 3 
emissions and will establish a reduction target based 
on science in 2024, including emissions from the 
land-use change component in line with our COP27 
commitment (see page 51).
*includes the usage of fertilisers and other farming inputs of our sugarcane farming operations.
202420232022
1.  
Scope
Undertake GHG 
inventory screening 
assessment; define 
boundaries, data 
sources, emission 
factors
2.  
Measure  baseline
Measure scope 3 
baseline, including 
land use change 
(LUC) component 
3.  
Decarbonisation 
roadmap 
Identify emission 
reduction 
opportunities and 
decarbonisation 
roadmap with 
trajectory aligned 
with science
4.  
Set target
Third party validation 
of LUC component 
5.  
Disclosure
Emissions, target and 
reduction roadmap 
disclosure
Scope 3 approach
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 47
Health and safety

Page 50:
Sustainable shipping
We have our own vessel chartering operations for 
the seaborne transportation of a wide range of dry 
bulk commodities. Our chartering network covers the 
globe, visiting 340 ports across 68 countries. 
Viterra is a signatory of the Sea Cargo Charter 
(SCC) which provides a global framework to 
promote consistent decarbonisation measurement 
in international shipping. All signatories’ data is 
published annually by the Secretariat of the SCC. 
Viterra’s inaugural disclosure via the SCC will be 
published in June 2023 and data assured by S&P 
Global. 
Reporting through the SCC has provided insight into 
our climate alignment and the level of detail allows us 
to analyse how and in which segment of our portfolio 
we can have the required impact. With the accuracy 
of carbon intensity measurement, we can proactively 
take vessel emissions data into consideration in our 
chartering decision-making process.
The cooperation of our shipowner partners has 
been important in sharing the required data and 
it demonstrates the increasing awareness and 
momentum for decarbonisation in bulk shipping. 
On an operational level we will continue to apply 
and further develop voyage optimisation tools, 
including a focus on port terminal turnround times 
and monitoring our carbon intensity using the 
Energy Efficiency Operational Indicator (EEOI). This 
is calculated from the amount and type of fuel 
consumed, the distance travelled and the quantity of 
cargo transported. Our EEOI in 2022 was 8.34 gr CO 2/
Nm/mt cargo. Compared to last year, this figure now 
includes voyage charters and ballast voyages whilst 
not under our control, in accordance with the Sea 
Cargo Charter (SCC) reporting requirements.
We have also set up a decarbonisation working group 
to further understand initiatives in shipping that we 
may be able to adopt and integrate into our broader 
decarbonisation roadmap. 
Our progress in 2022 
During 2022, we saw a 10% improvement in fossil GHG 
emission intensity across our processing and farming 
assets. Primarily this was the result of lower production 
levels of some product lines which have higher natural 
gas intensities, due to high natural gas prices during 
2022, especially in Europe. In the short term, we may 
see a partial rebound of our emission intensities when 
European gas prices return to lower levels, which will 
encourage higher production levels at more energy-
intensive activities of our European processing plants.
An increase in our sugarcane farming and milling 
activities in Brazil due to more favorable rainfall 
compared to last year also contributed to a corporate 
carbon intensity decrease – as our sugarcane mill is 
powered by the residues from its sugarcane input, 
its carbon intensity is low, and contributes to lower 
corporate carbon intensity the more its production 
increases. 
*Values exclude rice assets which were divested in 2022.
2020 53.1
2021 50.3
2022 45.2
Fossil greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
intensity (kg GHG/mt)*
10.0%  improvement
2020 669.0
2021
2022
Fossil energy intensity (MJ/mt)*
5.0%  improvement
686.2
651.7
Sustainability report 202248

Page 51:
In addition to these production changes, a number of 
decarbonisation measures have been implemented 
through regional environmental improvement plans 
and our global review of processing plans in 2021 and 
2022 which focused on easy-to-implement carbon 
reduction opportunities. These included our larger 
South American soy processing plant shifting to lower 
carbon back-up fuels and a European processing 
facility restarting its usage of sustainable woodchips 
instead of fossil fuels. 
Finally, our intensity also decreased as the European 
and South American electricity grids continued 
to green their energy mixes. Our fossil fuel energy 
intensity improved by 5% as some of our Argentine 
and European processing plants put renewable 
electricity contracts into place ( see page 56). 
As a result, our share of renewable sourced energy 
improved by 1.6%. 
Looking forward
Building on our progress this year, we will continue 
to embed our reduction ambitions throughout 
the governance of our business, and implement 
decarbonisation opportunities to contribute towards 
our 10-year target. In the year ahead we will establish 
our scope 3 baseline and assess decarbonisation 
levers across our supply chain in preparation for 
setting a scope 3 target.
As we work towards aligning our disclosures with 
the TCFD and CSRD, we will be undertaking scenario 
analysis and developing our methodology for 
continued annual monitoring of climate-related risks 
(see page 44).
2020 56.7%
2021
2022
Share of renewable energy (% of total 
energy)* 
1.6%  improvement
56.3%
57.9%
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 49
Health and safety

Page 52:
Responsible sourcing and traceability
We know responsible sourcing and traceability is 
central to monitoring the sustainability of our supply 
chains and enabling us to deliver quality-controlled, 
sustainable products to our customers. 
We aim to source only from responsible producers and 
are improving the transparency and traceability of our 
supply chains. We bring together producers, transport 
providers, suppliers and customers, and use this 
network to drive changes in the industry so we can 
meet the increasing demand for sustainable products 
from customers without affecting future generations.
We use a stringent know your counterparty framework 
to screen suppliers and through our supplier code 
of conduct, we set expectations that require our 
suppliers to align with our standards, values, code of 
conduct and policies, including the commitment to no 
deforestation (see pages 64 - 65). 
To strengthen our traceability capabilities throughout 
our network, our core business strategies focus on:
• Increasing direct origination:  creating direct, 
effective partnerships with producers enables us 
to improve the traceability of our supply chain, 
and means we can deliver the quality-controlled, 
sustainable products that our customers require. 
This was boosted with this year’s acquisition of 
Gavilon, the third largest storage and handling 
network in the US.
• Digitalisation:  investment in technology to 
support responsible sourcing and improve 
efficiencies. This year, we have improved our 
geotechnical capabilities in South America 
with our implementation of the ArcGIS digital 
mapping system (see page 56). In Australia and 
Canada, further implementation of our customer 
relationship platform has allowed us to build closer 
working relations with producers, and identify 
further opportunities for collaboration. In Europe 
we expanded our Origination System Software 
package to improve automation, and implemented 
new metrics to track performance. 
To support our responsible sourcing programme, 
we regularly procure certified products to meet 
specific customer needs and provide verification of 
sustainability credentials. Our sustainable financing  
agreements link our commitment to increasing  
our share of certified volumes to sustainability 
performance targets ( see page 25).
Our certification portfolio includes: 
• International Sustainability and Carbon 
Certification (ISCC)
• Biomass Biofuel Sustainability voluntary scheme 
(2BSvs)
• Better Cotton Initiative (BCI)
• Cotton made in Africa (CMiA)
• Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS)
• Control Union certified deforestation-free  
soybean meal
• Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
What is traceability?
Traceability is the ability to follow a product 
or its components through stages of the 
supply chain, from producer to customer.  
Why is it important?
Traceability increases supply chain visibility, 
improves quality control systems and 
reduces risk. Being able to trace the source 
of our supply enables us to understand, 
monitor and verify supply chain risks, such 
as deforestation or exploitation of human 
rights.
How do we monitor traceability?
Being able to fully trace the source and 
supply of key agricultural commodities 
is not a simple process. We use a risk-
based approach to determine the extent 
of our traceability. For example, for soy 
sourced from high-risk biomes we trace 
to the farm, while for lower risk biomes 
we monitor traceability-to-municipality. 
As demonstrated in the case study on 
developing traceability in Brazil ( see page 
56) we have been increasing our geospatial 
capability, using satellite imaging to build 
on our traceability progress and verify our 
sustainable sourcing criteria, such as non-
deforestation. 
Sustainability report 202250

Page 53:
Collaborating to accelerate action
We are committed to ending deforestation, preserving 
biodiversity and reducing our reliance on scarce 
and limited resources, as well as meeting increasing 
government regulation and traceability requirements.
Agriculture is recognised as a significant contributor 
to GHG emissions and deforestation is a major cause 
of our sector’s scope 3 emissions. We have pledged to 
end deforestation and conversion for soy from South 
America and palm oil globally by the end of 2025. 
Since the COP26 climate conference we have been 
working with 13 other signatories from the agriculture 
sector to develop a roadmap to reduce emissions from 
land-use change, and the Agriculture Sector Roadmap 
to 1.5°C was launched as part of COP27 in Egypt.
As part of the roadmap commitment, we have 
published timebound implementation plans for both 
soy and palm oil, two sectors where commodity-
driven deforestation increases carbon emissions and 
threatens local biomes. 
The core components of our plans, to work towards 
meeting our commitments and transparently 
reporting on progress, are:
• Governance: how we govern our commitments 
and comply with legal requirements.
• LUC and emission reduction:  our commitment 
to measuring, disclosing and setting a scope 3 
emission reduction target, including for LUC.
• Supply chain mapping and traceability: 
demonstrating a robust approach to 
understanding and controlling the origins of 
materials in supply chains in order to determine 
compliance.
• Monitoring and response:  details of the systems 
used to accurately monitor deforestation, 
combining geospatial information with supply 
chain information, along with response 
mechanisms to cases of non-compliance.
• Verification and transparency:  details of 
third-party audits to verify reported traceable, 
deforestation-free volumes; and transparent 
progress reporting.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 51
Health and safety

Page 54:
Soy
Our sustainable sourcing plan for soy applies to all the 
soy we source in South America, both directly and 
indirectly. We have committed to achieve the target of 
deforestation and conversion-free soy supply chains 
in South America by the end of 2025. 
The cut-off date which applies to this commitment is 
31 December 2025, except where other regulation or 
commitment already applies, including:
• Amazon Soy Moratorium cut-off date of 2008 
• EU Renewable Energy Directive biofuels cut-off 
date of 2008.
We source soybeans from Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, 
Uruguay and Bolivia and supply both soybeans and 
soy derivatives to end-users around the world. We 
operate supply chains predominantly within Brazil and 
Argentina and have soy processing facilities in both 
countries. During 2022, our Renova processing facility 
achieved RTRS Chain of Custody accreditation. As a 
significant participant in South American soy value 
chains, we are well positioned to influence positive 
change with respect to deforestation and conversion 
of natural ecosystems in high-risk and low-risk soy 
sourcing areas.
We will achieve this through developing and 
implementing technology-based traceability 
monitoring to prevent product at risk of deforestation 
entering our supply chains (see page 56). We use 
geospatial imaging to monitor conversion for high-risk 
biomes. It allows for monitoring of soybean suppliers 
and their farms for deforestation, social and legal 
compliance. 
Our soy traceability data has been independently 
assured by Control Union, with 75.5% traceable to 
origin soy sourced from South America achieved. This 
includes traceability to farm for high-risk biomes. 
We will continue to increase the transparency of 
our performance towards our final 2025 objectives 
through annual progress reporting. As part of our 
accelerated ambition, this year we also revised our 
soy policy, which is available on our website.
Our deforestation-free commitment forms part of our 
decarbonisation roadmap and responsibilities related 
to climate action.
Palm
The palm sector is also considered high-risk for 
deforestation and much work has been undertaken 
within the sector to address the environmental 
impacts of palm oil production. We have committed to 
achieve no deforestation and no peat palm oil supply 
chains by 2025. 
We do not own any plantations, ports or crush 
facilities along the supply chain, but we aim to 
influence sustainability through our sourcing 
approach. The launch of our sustainable sourcing 
implementation plan was a significant milestone 
this year. We focus on procuring from suppliers 
that are members of the RSPO, and those that 
publicly commit to no deforestation, no peat and no 
exploitation (NDPE) principles and have processes 
established to meet their commitments. We have 
been a member of the RSPO for more than 10 years.
We are increasing traceability and conducting third 
party verification, alongside reporting under the 
NDPE Implementation Reporting Framework (a 
key reporting tool that monitors progress towards 
sustainability in the palm oil sector) and publishing 
our progress annually. 
We will continue to increase the transparency of our 
performance towards our final objectives in 2025 
through annual progress reporting.
In 2022, Viterra purchased 690,000 tonnes of palm 
kernel expeller (PKE), and 17,000 tonnes of palm oil 
from Indonesia and Malaysia. This was our second 
year of physical trading of palm oil, and we achieved 
a 14% improvement in traceability to mill to reach 
100%. All of this supply was sourced from suppliers 
which are either a member of RSPO or have an NDPE 
policy, and for PKE 94% of suppliers by total purchase 
volume met this criteria, which is a 23% improvement 
compared to last year. 
Soy traceability for our origination 
programmes in South America
2.8%  improvement
2021 72.7%
2022 75.5%
Sustainability report 202252

Page 55:
Sustainability linked financing
We have linked our sustainability 
performance targets for palm to financing. 
The targets are for sustainable sourcing of 
palm oil and PKE, a by-product of palm oil 
extraction that is used as feed for livestock. 
The targets cover non-deforestation and 
traceability (see page 25).
Cotton
Cotton agriculture presents both labour and 
environmental challenges. Due to the nature of the 
cotton supply chain, with a large proportion of small-
scale producers in developing countries, we have 
limited visibility of production practices. 
To address these challenges, this year we expanded 
our commitment towards a sustainable cotton 
supply chain, with the introduction of a new cotton 
sustainability performance target for Australia through 
promoting producer engagement with the BCI and 
purchasing BCI-certified cotton ( see page 25).
We also continued to purchase BCI and CmiA certified 
cotton volumes globally, to promote sustainable 
practices. In 2022 we sourced 114,500 tonnes of 
certified cotton.
Looking forward
We will continue to implement our timebound 
sustainable sourcing plans and report our progress 
annually. In particular, we will be focusing on 
embedding our geospatial traceability capabilities, 
implementing our supplier code of conduct and 
assessing our scope 3 emissions from LUC.
Palm kernel expeller (PKE) 
23%  improvement
Palm oil
100%  maintained
Palm sourced from suppliers with Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and/or  
no deforestation, no expansion on peat and  
no exploitation (NDPE) policy by total purchase 
volume
100%
100%
2021
2022
2020
2021
2022 94%
72%
71%
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 53
Health and safety

Page 56:
Resource efficiency
The availability of natural resources is critical for the 
agribusiness sector. We recognise that responsible 
use of resources is not only good for the environment, 
but also good for business, as it reduces costs 
and improves productivity. We treat water as a 
precious and finite shared resource, with high social, 
environmental and economic value, and we have an 
important role in its stewardship.
Water
We have implemented a global water intensity 
reduction target since 2020, and each of our regions 
implement water efficiency initiatives to contribute to 
this goal. Planning and progress on these initiatives 
is monitored through our environment improvement 
planning framework.
Our water-related activities are regulated by relevant 
legislation in each jurisdiction and management plans 
are implemented at asset level. None of our facilities 
operate in high water scarce areas, as indicated by 
the World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct platform. 
Since the divestment of our rice assets during 2022, 
our processing sites account for the majority of our 
water use.
Through the next years we plan to refresh our group-
wide water risk assessment and management approach.
Waste circularity
Viterra’s operations are not a major creator of waste. 
As we operate a bulk commodity network, we use 
limited packaging and we maximise circularity, 
meaning that where possible we repurpose our waste 
either to energy, animal feed or soil conditioner. Our 
business model aims to prevent waste in our primary 
product streams and we are constantly looking for 
new external and internal purposes for residues and 
by-products of our crop processing and storage and 
handling activities. 
Guided by our food and feed safety processes, 
superfluous or downgraded agricultural products 
which may originally have been intended for food 
purposes, may be requalified as feed. 
In our Brazilian sugarcane operations, bagasse, the 
solid residue from the sugarcane milling process, 
is used as the primary energy source of their mill. 
Recently, first amongst its peers, the sugarcane 
operations have obtained certification of enriched 
vinasse, a liquid residue of the milling process. This 
product is sold and used as a biobased fertiliser, 
replacing synthetic fertilisers.
Our progress in 2022
We have restated our water withdrawal intensity 
following the divestment of our South American rice 
assets in the second quarter of 2022. Previously, 
water withdrawal for these rice assets heavily 
influenced our water withdrawal metric.
On the basis of ongoing business, our water 
withdrawal intensity achieved a 10% reduction. 
This was primarily driven by higher rainfalls at our 
sugarcane farming operations, reducing the need to 
withdraw water for milling the sugarcane. 
Following restrained supply in steam at a South 
American processing facility, less water withdrawal 
was needed to replenish water which would otherwise 
have been vented. At a European processing facility, 
an improved sewerage system reduced the need for 
water intake. 
Looking forward
We are undertaking alignment with evolving reporting 
standards such as the CSRD and based upon our risk 
and materiality assessments, we aim to improve our 
disclosure of relevant metrics for water and waste.
0.572020
2021
2022
Water withdrawal intensity (m 3/mt)
10.0%  improvement
0.58
0.52
Sustainability report 202254

Page 57:
Reducing water use in our Brazilian sugar business
Viterra Bioenergia in Brazil has implemented a range of projects to modify the production process 
and minimise the consumption and capture of water used in the Rio Vermelho sugar processing plant. 
Such a reduction will reduce the volume of water taken from surface and underground sources. 
We have made effective interventions to reduce water use through investment and modification such as:
• new systems to reuse surplus water coming from condensation during cooking and evaporation in 
washing systems
• installation of cooling towers for condensate cooling to harvest water at correct temperatures for 
other uses, cutting the amount of water used in the industrial process by half
• reducing the water used in the juice extraction process causing less loss by evaporation
• the regeneration of energy from the juice heating and cooling process
• recovery of continuous and intermittent boiler purges
• partial replacement of floor washing by dry cleaning with air blowers
• reduction of water in the sugar and alcohol manufacturing process
• replacement of the cooling of evaporation boxes from aspersion to exhausters. 
As a result of these investments, we reached the industry's water consumption goal of 0.50 m³/
tonne of crushed cane during the current 2022/23 harvest. Our efforts to minimise the consumption 
and capture of water and generation of effluents were recognised by the MasterCana Brazil 2022 
Award, which values people and organisations who contribute to the technological and socioeconomic 
improvement of the Brazilian sugar-energy agribusiness.
Renewable diesel for port 
locomotive
We continue to identify and implement 
viable ways to lower emissions across our 
business including evolving our logistics. At 
Canada’s largest port, a variety of low- and 
zero-emission fuels and technologies are 
being tested in support of the Vancouver 
Fraser Port Authority’s goal to create a 
zero-emission port by 2050. These include 
the use of bio-diesel for ferries, electricity 
to power cranes and tractors and renewable 
diesel for patrol boats and trains.
As one of the companies participating in 
this initiative, we recently commenced a 
six-month trial of 100% renewable diesel on 
one of our locomotives in use at our Pacific 
Terminal. The trial, which is funded in part 
by the port authority and the province, aims 
to test the use of low-emission renewable 
diesel as a replacement for regular diesel. 
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 55
Health and safety

Page 58:
Developing geospatial traceability capabilities in Brazil
As part of our commitment to achieve deforestation and conversion free soy supply chains in South 
America by the end of 2025 we have implemented a geographic information system (GIS) in our 
Brazil business to capture, manage, analyse and display spatial data and to support traceability and 
transparency in our supply chain. GIS can play a crucial role in assessing environmental risks by 
providing spatial information and imagery that helps to identify areas with deforestation danger and 
monitor the impact of supply chain activities on forests.
This is possible through the registration of farm boundaries, aggregations sites and multiple social 
and environmental features in geospatial databases and their integration with the company's trading 
platforms and enterprise systems. Spatial data when linked with purchase contracts and invoices 
has the potential to ensure that the soy traded under origination contracts were not sourced from 
deforested areas. When we identify our supply chain to be at risk of deforestation through the 
geospatial data captured we will immediately take mitigating measures to prevent this soy from 
entering our supply chain.
We put in place the foundations for the system in 2021 with the acquisition of appropriate hardware 
and the licensing of ArcGIS resources, the development of a database of spatial information and new 
online functions to enable the integration with back office systems. This ensures that up-to-date 
information on traceability and sourcing can be shared safely among internal stakeholders to support 
purchasing decisions. A working group has championed the project with participants from across the 
business who interact with data and documents relevant to traceability. In the year ahead, we will 
focus on operating and continually improving the implemented traceability applications and tools, 
providing transparency and safeguarding Viterra's operations.
Viterra Argentina and Renova increase use of renewable electricity
As part of the company's global ambition to be carbon net zero by 2050, Viterra Argentina and Renova 
have signed a five-year agreement with YPF and Pampa Energía, who will provide renewable energy 
across several of our locations.
Through this agreement, more than 60% of the electricity purchased by Renova Timbúes and Quequén 
in the second half of 2022 originated from wind power. This represents a noteworthy milestone, 
considering that, with a surface of 300 hectares, Renova Timbúes is one of the largest soybean 
crushing plants in the world. Just last year, this facility broke the world-record monthly crushing 
volume, with over 952,000 tonnes.
This year, the transformation will continue with the reliance on renewable electricity at these facilities 
reaching 80%. The agreement will also expand in 2023 to include the Daireaux, Puerto Galván, 
Ingeniero White and Viterra Quequén plants.
By 2027, the savings will amount to 540,000 MWh of non-renewable energy, equivalent to the annual 
consumption of approximately 35,000 homes and a reduction of 162,000 tonnes of CO 2, according to 
data provided by Cammesa, an Argentinian wholesale electricity market clearing company.
Initiatives such as this allow us to positively impact the environment and our local communities, while 
guaranteeing the continuous improvement of our operations.
Sustainability report 202256

Page 59:
We support the sustainable,  
long-term development of the  
local communities in which we 
operate in, source from and supply.
Community
Sustainability report 2022 57

Page 60:
Why it matters?
We have a responsibility for the health, prosperity 
and sustainability of the communities where we 
source and operate and those which we supply. The 
long-term success of our business is reliant on these 
communities thriving. We are a major employer in 
many of the areas where we operate and we also 
take great pride in our role in ensuring a secure food 
supply, feeding people and animals around the world.
Our approach
We contribute to the success of communities, local 
businesses and economies where we operate by 
employing people; purchasing commodities, goods 
and services; paying taxes; and through continued 
investment in our infrastructure.
Our health, safety, environment and community 
(HSEC) policy and procedures guide our approach 
to working with communities and stakeholders. 
Our approach is also governed through our code of 
conduct, and performance routinely reported through 
the global sustainability committee. 
We seek to engage openly, transparently and 
inclusively with our communities and stakeholders, 
including listening to and working with anyone 
impacted by our operations. We have a range of ways 
to engage with stakeholders and proactively promote 
two-way communication and feedback ( see page 
26). We take all complaints seriously and we provide 
a range of channels including formal grievance 
mechanisms. We work to address stakeholders’ 
concerns and minimise the impacts of our operations.
We recognise that communities add value to our 
business. They are the source of our employees and 
we would not be able to operate without the support 
of the many thousands of producers and local 
businesses that contribute to our success. 
We have a focus on bringing social benefits to local 
communities by supporting many initiatives and 
projects that contribute positively to the wellbeing of 
the regions surrounding our operations and offices. 
Since 2021, we have operated our Viterra Community 
Fund. The fund provides a structured and consistent 
approach to community investment, donations, gifts 
and sponsorships supplied by our operations and 
marketing offices at a local, country, regional and 
global level. The fund invests in the sustainability 
and development of local communities through 
the community development programme and 
contributions. 
Community investments may be financial, in kind, 
or through staff volunteering their time, industry 
knowledge and skills. Contributions are subject to 
all applicable local laws and regulations, as well 
as Viterra’s compliance rules, including alignment 
with our code of conduct, third party due diligence 
procedures and conflict of interest checks.
Smaller contributions are approved by our community 
investment committee, and larger contributions by 
the global sustainability committee. We monitor the 
benefits and outcomes achieved by the Community 
Fund’s contributions and review multiyear 
investments periodically.
We have four investment areas:
• Environmental care and preservation:  
protecting and sustaining our environment
• Capability building:  develop skills to strengthen 
our communities and improve livelihoods
• Health improvement:  advancing health and 
wellbeing outcomes
• Disaster relief:  supporting our communities 
impacted by both natural and humanitarian 
disasters.
In addition to supporting one of these investment 
areas, we seek for initiatives to align to our business 
strategy, sustainability focus areas and the United 
Nation's Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG).
Sustainability report 202258

Page 61:
Our progress in 2022
During 2022, Viterra supported a wide range of 
partnerships and contributed to a range of initiatives 
in the communities where we operate. Across the 
business, total reported investment was  $3 million, 
most of which supports education and health 
initiatives, with each region having discretion to 
contribute to activities in their local communities.
This year has seen a major investment in disaster 
relief in Ukraine with our partnership with the HALO 
Trust to facilitate their work clearing landmines from 
agricultural land (see page 60).
There were 33 minor community complaints related 
to our operations, majority relating to dust concerns. 
These were effectively managed and addressed locally. 
Looking forward
We will continue to engage the broad range of 
stakeholders who interact with our business. We 
will facilitate proactive engagement and maintain 
our formal grievance mechanisms to address any 
concerns related to our operations.
In our approach to community development and 
investment, we will coordinate a global approach 
within our Community Fund and investment areas for 
initiatives and needs to be identified and executed at 
a local level.
Saving children’s hearts in India
In India, nearly 200,000 children are 
diagnosed with congenital heart disorders 
every year and around a fifth of these 
require serious interventions in the first year 
from birth. Many of these children are from 
underprivileged backgrounds whose families 
cannot afford medical help.
In October 2022, Viterra India partnered with 
the Rotary Club of Bombay, part of the globally 
recognised foundation devoted to the ideal 
of fellowship through service, and pledged 
to undertake life-saving heart surgeries for 
children from newborn to 16 years.
This support aligns with the Viterra 
Community Fund health improvement 
investment area.
The surgeries began in November 2022 
for infants, some of whom were as young 
as three days old. By January 2023, 34 
paediatric heart surgeries and procedures 
had been completed successfully. 
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 59
Health and safety

Page 62:
Supporting landmine removal in Ukraine
Ukraine is one of the largest exporters of grains in the world and Ukrainian producers play a vital role in 
helping to feed the global population. However, large parts of the country’s agricultural land has been 
contaminated with anti-tank mines and cannot be resown until they have been completely cleared. 
The HALO Trust is the world’s largest humanitarian landmine clearance organisation and is leading 
efforts to remove landmines and other explosives from farmland across Ukraine, protecting lives and 
re-establishing the livelihoods of those affected by conflict.
In 2022, Viterra provided a grant of $2.5 million spread over five years to expand HALO’s operations in 
Ukraine, allowing them to significantly strengthen their mechanical clearance capacity. The money is 
provided from Viterra’s Community Fund under the disaster relief pillar and will enable agricultural land 
to be cleared more quickly. This will allow producers to return to their land and resume production of 
the agricultural products the world needs. 
HALO will submit updates on progress every six months, the first in mid-2023. Reports will detail how 
Viterra’s funding has been spent, operational achievements and key impact metrics for the reporting 
period, as well as case studies and photos. Notable milestones or achievements made possible through 
Viterra’s support will also be highlighted when appropriate.
Sustainability report 202260

Page 63:
Viterra collaborates on careers experience for young people
As a responsible business, we look for ways we can actively support and improve our local 
communities, which includes striving to offer equal opportunities to people from all backgrounds. 
At our head office in the Netherlands, we have developed a partnership with JINC, a Rotterdam-
based organisation dedicated to helping children from disadvantaged backgrounds gain experience 
and insight into the professional world. Children growing up in poverty often lack access to work 
experience and career advice through family members or acquaintances, and as part of our 
collaboration with JINC, we are creating opportunities for children between the ages of eight and 
sixteen to get career advice, interview training and other workbased experience.
As part of our initial collaboration, our accounting, information technology (IT), human resources (HR) 
and internal services departments were involved in several projects during the year, both out in the 
community and in our own office.
Our HR and trade departments took part in job interview training with third and fourth year students at 
Montfort College in Rotterdam to build students’ confidence in the application and interview process and 
increase their job and internship prospects.
The training included exercises to develop communication skills including correct language, speed of 
speech and tone of voice, practice responses to common interview questions and show confidence 
and enthusiasm through body language.
We also invited a group students to the Rotterdam office for a flash internship, a fast-paced 
introduction to Viterra, organised by the facilities department. Students were given a tour of the 
office and introduced to key departments. Colleagues gave the students insight into their roles and 
work through various activities, including one-on-one interactions. Throughout the day, students 
participated in different tasks with each department, including registering invoices into the office 
supply system, and a simulation of an emergency in the office.
We are continuing our collaboration with JINC into a second school year.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 61
Health and safety

Page 64:
Forestation projects in India
Viterra India has been supporting two tree-growing projects to improve the environment in local 
communities. 
The first is an afforestation initiative through the SayTrees Environment Trust where Viterra India colleagues 
worked with the trust to fund a 20,000 sapling plantation drive in two villages in the state of Maharashtra.
The aim of the drive was to increase the green cover outside the forest area by creating small dense green 
patches on common community land to improve soil health, biodiversity and community wellbeing.
During the project, 52 species of local and native tree saplings were planted using the Miyawaki method, 
a unique way to create dense urban forest cover on degraded land, which is based on natural forestation 
principles. The objective is to bring back lost flora and fauna and set-up an ecological balance, raising the 
water table slowly over time. 
The forest becomes self-sustainable in two to three years and continues to grow as an ecosystem. 
Other benefits include a reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, preventing carbon loss from the 
soil, producing fodder and fuel wood, and providing employment and occupation to local communities, 
increasing their economic prosperity.
The second is an agroforestry project, which aims to restore degraded croplands and enhance livelihoods 
using a system of farming where trees are planted among crops and livestock, limiting the amount of carbon 
dioxide in the atmosphere by binding it to vegetation and soil. Trees in the agricultural landscape increase 
the soil’s ability to capture and retain water and replenish the groundwater table. 
The project is taking place in Melghat, one of the most underdeveloped areas of India, and Satara, both in 
the state of Maharashtra, and will last three years. It involved nearly 200 producers, cultivating 250 acres of 
land over which were planted 20,000 saplings.
Agroforestry is increasingly recognised as a land management system that can serve as a response to 
climate change adaptation and mitigation while addressing some of the many challenges that smallholder 
producers face, including decreased productivity and soil quality deterioration due to use of chemical 
fertilisers. 
Benefits include increased productivity, lower usage of fertilisers and pesticides, year-round cultivation 
periods, decreased dependence on mono-farming and as a result income increases and producers’ 
livelihoods are improved.
Sustainability report 202262

Page 65:
We are committed to upholding 
the human rights of people 
across our worldwide network.
Human rights
Sustainability report 2022 63

Page 66:
Why it matters?
We respect the dignity, liberty and equality of everyone 
who works in our business and along our supply 
chains, and all those in the communities in which we 
operate and from which we source our products.
Our approach
Our goal is to uphold human rights wherever we 
operate around the world, by establishing and 
supporting policies and business processes that 
respect human rights throughout our network. These 
start with our code of conduct, and are supported by 
our human rights policy, diversity and health, safety, 
environment and community (HSEC) policies, modern 
slavery statement and our new supplier code of 
conduct.
We seek to avoid complicity in human rights abuses 
and to align our business practices with relevant 
international standards. Throughout our operations 
and supply chain we conduct our business in line with 
international conventions, including the International 
Labour Organization (ILO) and the United Nations 
Global Compact, whose principles cover human 
rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. 
Viterra employees globally receive annual training on 
the code. Code of conduct training is usually via an 
e-learning platform. Where employees are not easily 
able to access online training, we provide guidance 
in other ways including pre-shift general training 
and toolbox talks. Our compliance teams also give 
face-to-face training on our compliance policies and 
procedures to raise awareness about compliance risks 
related to particular functions. Employees responsible 
for ensuring the implementation of human rights also 
undergo further training aligned with international 
standards.
If anyone, at any level in Viterra or outside the 
company, comes across a situation in which our code 
of conduct, its underlying policies or the law has been 
breached, we expect them to raise their concerns. We 
have grievance mechanisms in place which can be 
used by our stakeholders. These include our Raising 
Concerns programme which offers a direct way to 
report concerns anywhere in the world as well as 
local systems at our operations. 
We expect our suppliers and partners to share our 
commitment to ethical business practices and have 
implemented a robust know your counterparty 
framework to manage the key compliance risks 
associated with our business dealings. This framework 
sets out a risk-based assessment process, whereby we 
screen our business partners to identify and mitigate 
our exposure to potential money laundering, terrorism 
financing, corruption, bribery, sanctions and human 
rights violations. There is a global screening system in 
place and local checks can also be carried out.
The global sustainability committee reviews the 
business performance around human rights on a 
quarterly basis and reports directly to the Board of 
Directors.
Viterra is a member of various organisations and 
standards organisations ( see page 27). Many of these 
organisations have specific standards regarding 
human rights, and membership is predicated on 
meetings these standards. These groups also provide 
opportunities for shared learnings and valuable 
insights to inform our response to human rights issues.
Sustainability report 202264

Page 67:
Our progress in 2022
We had no reported human rights breaches in 2022. 
There were 43 concerns raised through our Raising 
Concerns programme in 2022, none of which related 
to human rights. All concerns were investigated by 
our compliance team.
Our suppliers are critical partners in what we do, and 
it is important that they share our values and aims. 
Our supplier code of conduct, which was finalised 
in 2022 and published in early 2023, defines our 
expectations for all suppliers in our supply chains 
with regard to ethical business practices, health and 
safety, food and feed safety, labour standards and 
human rights, the environment and local communities. 
It also demonstrates our ambition to influence our 
supply chains in a positive and ethical way and 
provides a framework for managing risks we identify 
as being associated with our network. It is based on 
internationally accepted standards, as well as our 
values, code of conduct and policies including our 
anti-corruption and human rights policies.
Our supplier code of conduct applies to any individual, 
organisation or company that provides, sells or 
leases materials, products or services directly to 
any company within the Viterra corporate group, 
including the farms and plantations from which 
our commodities are sourced. It reinforces to our 
customers and other stakeholders the value we 
place on operating sustainably through our network, 
improves transparency and ensures we can take the 
necessary steps to ensure the suppliers we work with 
uphold the same principles as Viterra.
We are taking a risk-based approach in implementing 
the supplier code of conduct. The first step is 
making suppliers aware of the code and working 
with them to share the same standards of how we 
operate responsibly and sustainably for the benefit 
of our customers, communities, employees and 
the environment as well as future generations. All 
suppliers working on a Viterra site must continue to 
comply with site-specific requirements.
We continue to publish annual modern slavery 
statements in accordance with the UK Modern 
Slavery Act 2015 and the Australian Modern Slavery 
Act 2018. The information published in the statement 
is provided as a consolidated description for the 
Viterra Group, except where information is identified 
as relevant to specific reporting entities within the 
group.
Looking forward
Looking ahead we will work towards implementing our 
supplier code of conduct, with a particular focus on 
strengthening our human rights supplier due diligence 
process and refreshing our impact assessments. 
Our supplier code of conduct is available on 
our global website.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 65
Health and safety

Page 68:
Raising concerns programme
Raising Concerns is Viterra’s grievance and whistleblowing programme, which can be used by anyone. 
A link is available on our website. Through the online platform, concerns about potential wrongdoing 
within the company can be sent anonymously to our compliance team. 
We believe that a strong culture of reporting strengthens the company and discourages misconduct. It 
allows us to intervene if things go wrong at an early stage and provides a safe way for people to raise 
an issue if they do not feel comfortable discussing it with their manager or compliance officer. We think 
it is also important that external people can raise a grievance as they might have knowledge about an 
issue at Viterra or along our supply chain that our personnel are not aware of.
Sustainability report 202266

Page 69:
We fulfil a crucial role in providing 
agricultural commodities across the globe. 
As many of our products are ultimately used 
in the food or feed industry, we have an 
important responsibility to ensure that our 
products are safe.
Food and feed safety
Sustainability report 2022 67

Page 70:
Why it matters?
Viterra supplies products which are used as food or 
feed, or in the production of food and feed products. 
We have an important responsibility to make sure 
the products we supply are safe for consumption 
by humans and animals and for their intended 
use, in line with evolving rules and standards. 
Food and feed safety is heavily regulated in many 
countries we operate in and we must comply with all 
regulatory frameworks. Our approach aims to ensure 
our products are safe and we satisfy all required 
legislation.
Failure to properly manage food and feed safety 
within our business may result in us supplying 
products which may be potentially unsafe and even 
have serious adverse health effects – and this affects 
everyone’s right to safe food. It could also expose 
Viterra to legal liabilities including fines.
Our approach
Our approach to food and feed safety includes 
wide-ranging quality management procedures so 
customers can confidently receive products from us 
knowing they are safe and suitable for their intended 
purpose. It is centred around the following:
• Food and feed safety management systems 
and procedures: throughout the business 
we have implemented food and feed safety 
systems which identify, classify and eliminate 
or mitigate food and feed safety hazards. 
These management systems meet or exceed 
requirements placed upon the business by 
regulators and certification bodies and are based 
on the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control 
Point (HACCP) methodology for identifying and 
mitigating food and feed safety risks.
• Proactive monitoring: we think about any 
possible contaminants or hazards that may be 
present in our products, consider the likelihood 
of them being present and the severity of the 
risk they pose and then develop analysis plans to 
detect them prior to delivery to our customers. 
We use high-quality laboratories, both in-house 
and third party to carry out the monitoring.  
 
Sustainability report 202268

Page 71:
Food safety producer education
There are several factors that can mean 
grain deliveries fail to meet regulatory and/
or customer requirements. Examples include 
overuse of pesticides or fertiliser, infestation 
and contamination from previous loads or 
other material contaminations. The fault 
may be detected at the inbound inspection, 
but sometimes it passes unnoticed until the 
storage or onward shipping stage, resulting 
in a significant contamination to resolve. 
In Canada, we are working on a variety of 
industry informational campaigns intended 
to educate our producer customers about 
why food safety is important and how they 
can contribute to providing safe, quality food 
to consumers. 
One such information campaign is Keep it 
Clean, which provides buyers and producers 
with tools and information to meet the 
requirements of our domestic and export 
customers. Producers are encouraged 
to follow the label for all crop protection 
products, store crops properly and to declare 
what they deliver.
• Training: supplying safe products is an important 
responsibility for all Viterra employees. We 
conduct regular training to emphasise the 
importance of food and feed safety and ensure 
everyone is sufficiently well-informed of possible 
risks as well as our procedures and rules.
• Certification:  we have achieved certification 
under numerous food and feed safety 
systems including GMP+, HACCP, IFS Food, 
ISO 22000:2018 and Food Safety Management 
Systems Certification (FSSC 22000). Third 
party annual audits ensure compliance with 
certification requirements.
• Transparency: we are committed to 
communicating transparently with all relevant 
stakeholders including governments, suppliers, 
trade associations and customers with a view to 
improving our food and feed safety management 
systems and contribute to improving the industry 
approach to food and feed safety challenges. 
Our progress in 2022
The key goal our food and feed safety management 
systems aim to achieve is to avoid serious food and 
feed safety incidents. 
During 2022 we were successful in avoiding serious 
and catastrophic incidents. We did not engage in 
any recalls in 2022. All certification audits were 
successfully completed and all certifications 
maintained.
In a challenging environment where food and feed 
safety is increasingly relevant and legal requirements 
become more and more strict, we successfully 
delivered 102 million metric tonnes of food and feed 
products to our customers.
Looking forward
So far our approach to food and feed safety has 
been mostly regional with teams in our key regions 
(Europe, North America, South America, Australia and 
New Zealand) managing their food and feed safety 
management systems with limited global oversight. 
In 2023, we will transition to a global approach with 
a globally applicable food and feed safety policy and 
centralised oversight across our business. This global 
approach will include harmonising certification across 
the business to meet or exceed industry standards.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 69
Health and safety

Page 72:
Testing for pesticide residues
Managing the risk of excessive residues of 
plant protection products – pesticides – is 
a key challenge for the agricultural industry, 
in particular the discrepancy between 
maximum residue limits (MRLs) in countries 
of origin versus countries of destination. 
As the largest producer-facing network 
Viterra is in a unique position to collect 
information about the varying usage of 
pesticides in different growing regions. 
We can use our relationships to research 
which pesticides are used in the countries 
we export from so that we can supply the 
pesticide analysis laboratories with tailor-
made lists of what is used where, which 
instruct the laboratories on the chemical 
compounds they should analyse. 
We have rolled out lists for several countries 
which we have identified as high-risk for 
pesticide overuse including Brazil, Australia 
and Ukraine.
Laboratory training for new 
refinery
In Foktö, Hungary, a new state-of-the-art 
vegetable oils refinery, in addition to our 
existing crude oil production facility, enables 
us to produce feedstock for renewable 
fuels as well as edible oil for human 
consumption. These are produced from 
a variety of oilseeds, including sunflower 
seeds, rapeseeds and soybeans, vastly 
expanding the services we can provide to 
our customers.
In preparation for the opening of new refined 
oil production, Viterra Hungary's quality 
management team participated in a training 
programme to help ensure the laboratory 
staff’s skills were up to date. 
We provided training for the Foktö 
and Magdeburg laboratory staff at our 
processing facility in Czech Republic, where 
the specialised team shared the latest 
knowledge of the laboratory control system 
needed for the production of refined oils, 
specifically refined rapeseed oil. The training 
included sensory analyses of refined fats, 
determination of acid number, peroxide 
value, phosphorus, calcium, magnesium and 
fatty acid composition.
The Foktö team also learned about the 
control of contaminants in the oils, the 
frequency of individual analyses and the 
laboratories that Viterra Czech uses for each 
type of contaminant.
Sustainability report 202270

Page 73:
Key performance indicators 
(KPIs)
Indicator Definition Formula
 
2020 
 
2021
 
20221
New 2022 
baseline2
SAFETY
Total recordable 
injury frequency 
rate (TRIFR) #
The sum of:
1) workforce medical treatment injuries (MTIs)
2) workforce restricted work injuries (RWIs)
3) workforce lost time injuries (LTIs) and
4) workforce fatalities 
in relation to the total hours worked.
total number of  
recordable  
incidents x 
1,000,000/total 
hours worked
6.12 5.44 4.65
Disabling injury 
severity rate 
(DISR) #
The number of days lost for workforce LTIs and 
restricted days for workforce RWIs in relation to the 
total hours worked.
number of days 
lost or restricted 
x 1,000,000/
total hours 
worked in a year
135.8 78.4 107.4
Total hours 
worked
The sum of all hours worked during period by 
employees and contractors during on-premises 
working hours as well as during company-organised 
transportation to/from site.
hours/year
ENVIRONMENT4
TOTAL ENERGY
Total absolute 
energy 
consumption #
The sum of all direct and indirect energy from all 
sources, both renewable and non-renewable.
TJ 31,374 32,755 32,097 33,875 
Total energy 
consumption 
intensity #
The sum of all direct and indirect energy from all 
sources, both renewable and non-renewable, related 
to total tonnes processed.
MJ/metric  
tonne (mt) 
processed
1,544.4 1,571.8 1,549.7 1,560.2 
TOTAL FOSSIL ENERGY
Total absolute 
fossil energy 
consumption #
Total absolute fossil energy consumption is the sum 
of all direct and indirect energy from non-renewable 
sources.
TJ 13,590 14,301 13,499 14,924 
Total fossil 
energy 
consumption 
intensity #
The sum of all direct and indirect energy from non-
renewable sources, related to total tonnes processed.
MJ/mt 
processed
668.96 686.24 651.73 687.34 
RENEWABLE ENERGY
Total absolute 
renewable  
energy 
consumption #
The sum of all direct and indirect energy from 
renewable sources, including consumption of 
biomass, energy from geothermic and generated 
electricity from solar, wind and hydro and the 
electricity or heat purchased from these renewable 
sources.
TJ 17,784 18,454 18,598 18,951 
Share of 
renewable  
energy #
The percentage of our renewable energy 
consumption to our total energy consumption, as per 
above.
MJ renewable/ 
MJ total (%)
56.7% 56.3% 57.9% 55.9%
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 71
Health and safety

Page 74:
Indicator Definition Formula 2020 2021 20221
New 2022 
baseline2
TOTAL WATER WITHDRAWAL 
Total absolute  
water withdrawal #
The sum of all water drawn from surface water, 
groundwater, sea water, drinking water or a third 
party for any use. Single-use cooling water is 
excluded from total water withdrawn. Due to 
immaterial contribution, water withdrawal from 
storage, handling and port facilities are not included.
million m³ 11.51 12.11 10.84 11.10 
Total water  
withdrawal intensity #
The sum of all water withdrawal as per above, related 
to total tonnes processed. 
volume (m³) of all 
sources per metric 
tonne processed
0.57 0.58 0.52 0.51 
TOTAL ABSOLUTE FOSSIL GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS
Scope 1 and 2 location 
based - original 
calculation  
approach 3 #
Scope 1: all sources of energy consumed at our 
sites are included. GHGs monitored are CO 2, CH4 
and N2O, applying the IPCC AR5 Global Warming 
Potential values. As per new 2022 baseline KPI, this 
also includes non-fuel GHG emissions from farming 
operations like on-site emissions from application of 
fertilisers, lime and urea. Fuel consumed by company 
cars is not included in scope 1.
Scope 2: the local grid emissions are applied, both 
to purchased electricity and purchased steam, as 
defined by IEA, eGrid USA and Environment Canada. 
Emissions are calculated as per the GHG Protocol, on 
the basis of the operational control approach.
thousand tonne 
CO2e
1,079 1,047 937 1,119 
Scope 1 and 2 location 
based - improved 
calculation  
approach 3 #
Scope 1: as above 
Scope 2 for purchased electricity: as above 
Scope 2 for purchased steam: steam supplier 
specific emission factors are applied
thousand tonne 
CO2e
819 1,001 
Scope 1 and 2 market 
based #
Scope 1: as above 
Scope 2: the hierarchy of emission factors is applied 
as per the GHG Protocol, taking into account 
materiality and availability of auditable emission 
factor sources, as follows:
1) emission factor as per Guarantee of Origin or 
REC contract, if applicable
2) supplier specific emission factor - applied for 
purchased electricity at EU processing sites and 
for purchased steam
3) residual emission factor - applied for EU storage, 
handling and port facilities
4) grid emission factor as per scope 2 location 
based approach, for all remaining facilities
thousand tonne 
CO2e
805  987 
TOTAL FOSSIL GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY
Scope 1 and 2 location 
based intensity - 
original calculation 
approach 3 #
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in kg CO 2e 
per mt processed, applying the scope 1 and 2 
location based - original calculation approach as per 
above
kg CO2e/mt 
processed
53.09 50.26 45.24 51.53 
Scope 1 and 2 location 
based intensity - 
improved calculation 
approach 3 #
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in kg CO 2e 
per mt processed, applying the scope 1 and 2 
location based - improved calculation approach as 
per above
kg CO2e/mt 
processed
39.56 46.11 
Scope 1 and 2 market 
based intensity #
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in kg CO 2e 
per mt processed, applying the scope 1 and 2 market 
based as per above
kg CO2e/mt 
processed
38.86 45.47 
TRACEABILITY
% soy traceability 
South America  ^
High risk biomes: % traceable to farm in South 
America. 
All other biomes: % traceable to municipality in South 
America.
% traceable to 
farm + % traceable 
to municipality in 
South America
63.3% 72.7% 75.5% 75.5%
Sustainability report 202272

Page 75:
Indicator Definition Formula 2020 2021 20221
New 2022 
baseline2
CHARTERING
Energy Efficiency 
Operational Index 
(EEOI)
Emissions from our dry-bulk activities are measured 
by the EEOI, and calculated in grams of CO 2 emitted 
per nautical mile sailed, per metric tonne of cargo 
moved. The EEOI indicates the operational efficiency 
of a fleet of transport vessels. In addition to previous 
years, the EEOI figure now contains voyage charters 
and ballast voyages whilst not under our control, 
in accordance with the Sea Cargo Charter (SCC) 
reporting requirements. This figure has been assured 
by S&P Global and reported through SCC.  
gr CO2 emission/
(nautical miles 
sailed x tonnes 
cargoed)
7.69 8.70 8.34
OTHER
Total tonnes 
processed
Total weight of processed raw materials including 
weight of further downstream processed intermediary 
products of processing assets under our operational 
control. Even for the new 2022 environmental 
KPI baseline, the intensity denominator excludes 
volumes handled from storage and handling and port 
activities as these activities have a significantly lower 
environmental intensity profile due to high volumes of 
product handled and low energy requirements.
mt
Applied 
method of 
registration
All health and safety incidents notified are recorded 
and included in the calculation of the indicator. 
Employee hours worked are registered by time 
registration, contractual hours or estimated. Contractor 
hours are registered by invoice, time registration or 
estimated (in order of preferred and applied method 
when available). Environmental data are registered 
(in order of preferred and applied method) by 3rd 
party invoice, internal measurement, calculation or 
estimation.
Period Year of report from 1 January to 31 December. Calendar years 
2020, 2021, 2022
In scope All processing and farming assets under our 
operational control during the period, taking 100% of 
their values. For safety indicators (TRIFR and DISR) 
all storage and handling facilities are also included. 
As of 2019, all marketing offices with 10 or more 
persons are included into safety indicators as well. 
For the new 2022 environmental baseline, all storage 
and handling facilities are also included, as well as 
2022 pre-acquisition data of facilities acquired since 
2022. This refers in particular to Gavilon and Bahia 
Blanca crush (Argentina). For all environmental KPIs 
in all years, values of divested assets with material 
impact to any environmental KPI have been excluded 
and prior year data have been restated. This refers 
in particular to the rice assets in Argentina and 
Uruguay which have been sold in May 2022.
1  Value 2022 in line with previous year reporting.
2  New 2022 baseline applies to environmental KPIs and includes new assets and all storage, handling and port facilities.
3  Our original scope 2 location based reporting assumed grid emission factors for all purchased energy; electricity and steam alike. As GHG Protocol prescribes purchased 
steam to apply a supplier specific emission factor, this has been put in place for 2022 and onwards, through 'scope 1 and 2 location based - improved calculation 
approach'. For purposes of comparability and transparency, values of both the old and new approach are provided here for 2022. As from 2023, only values according to 
the new, improved scope 2 (location based) approach will be provided.
4  Following the May 2022 divestment of our rice assets in Argentina and Uruguay, we have excluded their contribution to our environmental KPIs from 2020 baseline and 
onwards, on the basis of their material impact on our water withdrawal metric. These divested rice assets withdrew 106 million m 3 of water in 2020; 109 million in 2021 and 
64 million in Quarter 1 2022.
#  Data independently assured by Deloitte.
^
Data independently assured by Control Union.
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 73
Health and safety

Page 76:
 
2305848443/YW/1 
 
Deloitte Accountants B.V.  
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
P.O.Box 2031 
3000 CA Rotterdam 
Netherlands 
 
Tel: +31 (0)88 288 2888 
Fax: +31 (0)88 288 9830 
www.deloitte.nl 
 
 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. is registered with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Rotterdam number 2 4362853. Deloitte 
Accountants B.V. is a Netherlands affiliate of Deloitte NSE LLP, a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.  
 
LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON 
SUSTAINABILTY INFORMATION 
 
To the shareholders and the Supervisory Board of Viterra Limited (“Viterra”) 
 
Our conclusion 
 
We have reviewed the selected KPIs as included on pages 71-72 of the sustainability report for the year 2022 
of Viterra based in Rotterdam as included in Appendix A (the “Sustainability Information”). A review is aimed 
at obtaining a limited level of assurance. 
 
Based on the review procedures performed nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that 
the Sustainability Information has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting 
criteria as specified by management in the sustainability report. 
 
Basis for our conclusion 
 
We have performed our review of the Sustainability Information in accordance with Dutch law, including the 
Dutch Standard 3000A ‘Assurance-opdrachten anders dan opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van 
historische financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten)’ (Assurance engagements other than audits or review 
engagements of financial statements (attestation engagements). Our responsibilities under this standard are 
further described in the section ‘Our responsibilities for the review of the Sustainability Information’ of our 
report. 
 
We are independent of Viterra in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van 
accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with 
respect to independence). This includes that we do not perform any activities that could result in a conflict of 
interest with our independent assurance engagement. Furthermore we have complied with the ‘Verordening 
gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch code of ethics).  
 
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion. 
 
Reporting criteria 
 
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the Sustainability Information are specified by management 
in the sustainability report. The Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with the 
reporting criteria. Viterra is solely responsible for selecting and applying these reporting criteria, taking into 
account applicable law and regulations related to reporting. 
 
The absence of an established practice on which to draw, to evaluate and measure sustainability information 
allows for different, but acceptable, measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities 
and over time. 
 
Consequently, the Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with the reporting 
criteria used.  
  
  
Assurance report of the 
independent auditor
Sustainability report 202274

Page 77:
 
2305848443/YW/1 
 
Deloitte Accountants B.V.  
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
P.O.Box 2031 
3000 CA Rotterdam 
Netherlands 
 
Tel: +31 (0)88 288 2888 
Fax: +31 (0)88 288 9830 
www.deloitte.nl 
 
 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. is registered with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Rotterdam number 2 4362853. Deloitte 
Accountants B.V. is a Netherlands affiliate of Deloitte NSE LLP, a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.  
 
LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON 
SUSTAINABILTY INFORMATION 
 
To the shareholders and the Supervisory Board of Viterra Limited (“Viterra”) 
 
Our conclusion 
 
We have reviewed the selected KPIs as included on pages 71-72 of the sustainability report for the year 2022 
of Viterra based in Rotterdam as included in Appendix A (the “Sustainability Information”). A review is aimed 
at obtaining a limited level of assurance. 
 
Based on the review procedures performed nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that 
the Sustainability Information has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting 
criteria as specified by management in the sustainability report. 
 
Basis for our conclusion 
 
We have performed our review of the Sustainability Information in accordance with Dutch law, including the 
Dutch Standard 3000A ‘Assurance-opdrachten anders dan opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van 
historische financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten)’ (Assurance engagements other than audits or review 
engagements of financial statements (attestation engagements). Our responsibilities under this standard are 
further described in the section ‘Our responsibilities for the review of the Sustainability Information’ of our 
report. 
 
We are independent of Viterra in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van 
accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with 
respect to independence). This includes that we do not perform any activities that could result in a conflict of 
interest with our independent assurance engagement. Furthermore we have complied with the ‘Verordening 
gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch code of ethics).  
 
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion. 
 
Reporting criteria 
 
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the Sustainability Information are specified by management 
in the sustainability report. The Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with the 
reporting criteria. Viterra is solely responsible for selecting and applying these reporting criteria, taking into 
account applicable law and regulations related to reporting. 
 
The absence of an established practice on which to draw, to evaluate and measure sustainability information 
allows for different, but acceptable, measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities 
and over time. 
 
Consequently, the Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with the reporting 
criteria used.  
  
  
 
2305848443/YW/2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unaudited and unreviewed corresponding information 
 
We have not performed an audit or review on any sustainability information for 2021. Consequently, the 
corresponding sustainability information and thereto related disclosures for the period 2021 are excluded 
from the limited assurance scope. 
 
Responsibilities of the Management Board for the Sustainability Information 
 
The management is responsible for the preparation of reliable and adequate Sustainability Information in 
accordance with these reporting criteria as included in the section ‘reporting criteria’, including the 
identification of stakeholders and the definition of material matters. Management is also responsible for 
selecting and applying the reporting criteria and for determining that these reporting criteria are suitable for 
the legitimate information needs of stakeholders, taking into account applicable law and regulations related to 
reporting. The choices made by management regarding the scope of the Sustainability Information and the 
reporting policy are summarized in the pages 5 and 71-73 of the sustainability report. 
Furthermore, the management is responsible for such internal control as it determines is necessary to enable 
the preparation of the Sustainability Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to 
error or fraud.  
 
Management is responsible for overseeing the sustainability reporting process of Viterra. 
  
Our responsibilities for the review of the Sustainability Information 
 
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the review engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence for our conclusion. 
 
Procedures performed to obtain a limited level of assurance are aimed to determine the plausibility of 
information and vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance 
engagement. The level of assurance obtained in review is therefore substantially less than the assurance 
obtained in an audit. 
 
We apply the ‘Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitssystemen’ (NVKS, Regulations for Quality management systems) 
and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and other relevant legal 
and regulatory requirements. 
 
Our review included among others : 
 
• Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant 
sustainability themes and issues, and the characteristics of Viterra. 
 
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used, their consistent application and related 
disclosures in the Sustainability Information. This includes the evaluation of the results of the 
stakeholders’ dialogue and the reasonableness of estimates made by management. 
 
• Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of control environment, processes and information 
systems relevant to the preparation of the Sustainability Information in order to design assurance 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but did not obtain evidence about their 
implementation or test their operating effectiveness. 
 
• Identifying areas of the Sustainability Information with a higher risk of misleading or unbalanced 
information or material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 75
Health and safety

Page 78:
 
2305848443/YW/3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Designing and performing further assurance procedures aimed at determining the plausibility of the 
Sustainability Information responsive to this risk analysis. These procedures consisted amongst others of: 
o interviewing management and/or relevant staff at corporate and local level responsible for the 
sustainability strategy, policy and results; 
o interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information for, carrying out internal control 
procedures on, and consolidating the data in the Sustainability Information; 
o performing an analytical review of the data and trends in the information submitted for consolidation 
at corporate level; 
o determining the nature and extent of the review procedures for the group components and locations. 
For this, the nature, extent and/or risk profile of these components are decisive. Based thereon we 
selected the components and locations to request supporting documents. These procedures are 
aimed at, on a local level, validating source data and evaluating the design of internal controls and 
validation procedures; 
o obtaining assurance evidence that the Sustainability Information reconciles with underlying records of 
Viterra;  
o reviewing, on a limited test basis, relevant internal and external documentation. 
 
• Evaluating the overall presentation and content of the Sustainability Information. 
 
• Assessing whether the Sustainability Information complies with the applied reporting criteria as disclosed 
in the sustainability report. 
 
• Considering whether the Sustainability Information as a whole, including the disclosures, reflects the 
purpose of the reporting criteria used. 
 
We communicate with the Supervisory Board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the review and significant findings that we identify during our review. 
 
Rotterdam, May 12, 2023 
 
Deloitte Accountants B.V.         
 
 
Signed on the original: J.A. de Bruin 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainability report 202276

Page 79:
 
 
1 
May 12, 2023 
2305848443/YW 
 
 
 
 
Appendix A – Overview of the selected KPIs in the sustainability report 2022  
 
KPI Definition Boundary/ Scope New 2022 Baseline 
Boundary/Scope 
Total recordable 
injury frequency 
rate 
The total recordable injury frequency 
rate (TRIFR) - is the sum of:  
1. Workforce MTIs (medical treatment 
injuries).  
2. Workforce RWIs (restricted work 
injuries).  
3. Workforce LTIs (lost time injuries).  
4. Workforce fatalities.  
in relation to the total hours worked. 
Processing, 
Farming, Storage 
& Handling, Ports, 
offices (excluding 
small offices and 
acquisitions) 
Processing, Farming, 
Storage & Handling, 
Ports, offices 
(excluding small 
offices and 
acquisitions) 
Disabling injury 
severity rate 
The disabling injury severity rate (DISR) is 
the number of days lost for workforce 
LTIs (lost time injuries) and restricted for 
workforce RWIs (restricted work injuries) 
in relation to the total hours worked. 
Processing, 
Farming, Storage 
& Handling, Ports, 
offices (excluding 
small offices and 
acquisitions) 
Processing, Farming, 
Storage & Handling, 
Ports, offices 
(excluding small 
offices and 
acquisitions) 
Total absolute 
energy 
consumption 
The sum of all direct and indirect energy 
from all sources, both renewable and 
non-renewable. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Total energy 
consumption 
intensity 
Total energy consumption intensity is the 
sum of all direct and indirect energy from 
all sources, both renewable and non-
renewable, related to total tonnes 
processed. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Total absolute 
fossil energy 
consumption 
Total absolute fossil energy consumption 
is the sum of all direct and indirect 
energy from non-renewable sources. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Total fossil 
energy 
consumption 
intensity 
The sum of all direct and indirect energy 
from non-renewable sources, related to 
total tonnes processed. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Total absolute 
renewable 
energy 
consumption 
The sum of all direct and indirect energy 
from renewable sources, including 
consumption of biomass, energy from 
geothermic and generated electricity 
from solar, wind and hydro and the 
electricity or heat purchased from these 
renewable sources. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 77
Health and safety

Page 80:
 
 
2 
May 12, 2023 
2305848443/YW 
 
 
 
 
KPI Definition Boundary/ Scope New 2022 Baseline 
Boundary/Scope 
Share of 
renewable 
energy 
The share of renewable energy includes 
consumption of biomass, energy from 
geothermic and generated electricity 
from solar, wind and hydro and the 
electricity or heat purchased from these 
renewable sources. This number is a 
percentage of our (Viterra’s) total energy 
consumption. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Total absolute 
water 
withdrawal 
The sum of all water drawn from surface 
water, groundwater, sea water, drinking 
water or a third party for any use. Single-
use cooling water is excluded from total 
water withdrawn. Due to immaterial 
contribution, water withdrawal from 
storage, handling and port facilities are 
not included. 
Processing, 
Farming 
Processing, Farming 
and acquisitions 
Total water 
withdrawal 
intensity 
The sum of all water withdrawal as per 
above, related to total tonnes processed. 
Processing, 
Farming  
Processing, Farming 
and acquisitions 
Scope 1 and 2 
location 
based - original 
calculation 
approach 
Scope 1: all sources of energy consumed 
at our sites are included. GHGs 
monitored are CO2, CH4 and N2O, 
applying the IPCC AR5 Global Warming 
Potential values. As per new 2022 
baseline KPI, this also includes non-fuel 
GHG emissions from farming operations 
like on-site emissions from application of 
fertilisers, lime and urea. Fuel consumed 
by company cars is not included in scope 
1. 
Scope 2: the local grid emissions are 
applied, both to purchased electricity and 
purchased steam, as defined by IEA, 
eGrid USA and Environment Canada. 
Emissions are calculated as per the GHG 
Protocol, on the basis of the operational 
control approach. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Scope 1 and 2 
location 
based - 
improved 
calculation 
approach 
Scope 1: as above 
Scope 2 for purchased electricity: as 
above 
Scope 2 for purchased steam: steam 
supplier specific emission factors are 
applied. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Sustainability report 202278

Page 81:
 
 
3 
May 12, 2023 
2305848443/YW 
 
 
 
 
KPI Definition Boundary/ Scope New 2022 Baseline 
Boundary/Scope 
Scope 1 and 2 
market 
based 
Scope 1: as above 
Scope 2: the hierarchy of emission factors 
is applied as per the GHG Protocol, taking 
into account materiality and availability 
of auditable emission factor sources, as 
follows: 
1) emission factor as per Guarantee of 
Origin or REC contract, if applicable 
2) supplier specific emission factor - 
applied for purchased electricity at EU 
processing sites and for purchased steam 
3) residual emission factor - applied for 
EU storage, handling and port facilities 
4) grid emission factor as per scope 2 
location based approach, for all 
remaining facilities. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Scope 1 and 2 
location based 
intensity -
original 
calculation 
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in 
kg CO2e per mt processed, applying the 
scope 1 and 2 location based - original 
calculation approach as per above. 
Processing, 
Farming 
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Scope 1 and 2 
location 
based intensity - 
improved 
calculation 
approach 
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in 
kg CO2e per mt processed, applying the 
scope 1 and 2 location based - improved 
calculation approach as 
per above. 
Processing, 
Farming 
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
Scope 1 and 2 
market based 
intensity 
GHG emissions of our assets expressed in 
kg CO2e per mt processed, applying the 
scope 1 and 2 market based as per 
above. 
Processing, 
Farming  
All Processing, 
Farming, Ports, 
Storage & Handling 
sites and acquisitions 
 
 
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 79
Health and safety

Page 82:
 
1 
 
Independent Assurance Statement 
 
Final report 2022 
 
Results & conclusions 
Control Union concludes that Viterra can claim 75.5% of traceability. 
 
Scope 
Year data: full year 2022  
Metric: % traceable to farm in 3 High Risk biomes (Amazon, Cerrado, Gran Chaco) and to 
municipality in the rest of South America.  
Commodity: soybeans originated from South America 
Target defined by Viterra: Increase traceable -to-origin of soy sourced from  South America by 2% 
annually. 
Countries (South America): Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Bolivia, Uruguay.  
 
Objective  
The audit aimed to review how the KPI: % soy traceability South America was calculated for 2022, 
considering all the volumes reported and their supporting evidence.  
 
Audit process  
The current audit was performed in different instances to review the information with each 
responsible office. Local auditors were assigned for Brazil and Argentina, and they also reviewed 
what is compiled by the Viterra Head Office, in Rotterdam.  The audit process was done remotely, 
with permanent contact with the persons assigned by Viterra.  
Sampling rules were based on RTRS Acc reditation & Certification procedure for Chain of Custody 
Certification and Internal Quality Manual from Associação Control Union Certificates.  
 
  
Maria Clara Lissarrague 
Control Union Argentina 
08/05/2023 
Felipe Savas Jacques 
Control Union Brasil 
08/05/2023 
 
Assurance report of the 
independent auditor
Sustainability report 202280

Page 83:
This document contains statements that are, or may 
be deemed to be, ‘forward-looking statements’ which 
are prospective in nature. These forward-looking 
statements may be identified by the use of forward-
looking terminology, or the negative thereof such 
as ‘outlook’, ‘plans’, ‘expects’ or ‘does not expect’, 
‘is expected’, ‘continues’, ‘assumes’, ‘is subject to’, 
‘budget’, ‘scheduled’, ‘estimates’, ‘aims’, ‘forecasts’, 
‘risks’, ‘intends’, ‘positioned’, ‘predicts’, ‘anticipates’ 
or ‘does not anticipate’, or ‘believes’, or variations of 
such words or comparable terminology and phrases 
or statements that certain actions, events or results 
‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, ‘shall’, ‘would’, ‘might’ or ‘will’ 
be taken, occur or be achieved. Such statements 
are qualified in their entirety by the inherent risks 
and uncertainties surrounding future expectations. 
Forward-looking statements are not based on 
historical facts, but rather on current predictions, 
expectations, beliefs, opinions, plans, objectives, 
goals, intentions and projections about future events, 
results of operations, prospects, financial condition 
and discussions of strategy. By their nature, forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond 
Viterra’s control. Forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and may and often 
do differ materially from actual results. 
Neither Viterra nor any of its associates or directors, 
officers or advisers, provides any representation, 
assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the 
events expressed or implied in any forward-looking 
statements in this document will actually occur. You 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements which only speak as of the 
date of this document. Other than in accordance with 
its legal or regulatory obligations, Viterra is not under 
any obligation and Viterra and its affiliates expressly 
disclaim any intention, obligation or undertaking to 
update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events 
or otherwise. This document shall not, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the business or affairs of Viterra 
since the date of this document or that the information 
contained herein is correct as at any time subsequent 
to its date.
No statement in this document is intended as a profit 
forecast or a profit estimate. This document does not 
constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell 
or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase 
or subscribe for any securities. The making of this 
document does not constitute a recommendation 
regarding any securities.
The companies in which Viterra Ltd. directly and 
indirectly has an interest are separate and distinct 
legal entities. In this document, ‘Viterra’, ‘the 
Group’ and ‘Group’ are used for convenience only 
where references are made to Viterra Ltd. and its 
subsidiaries in general. These collective expressions 
are used for ease of reference only and do not imply 
any other relationship between the companies. 
Likewise, the words ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are also used to 
refer collectively to members of the Group or to those 
who work for them. These expressions are also used 
where no useful purpose is served by identifying the 
particular company or companies.
Disclaimer
Overview
Our people
Environment
Community
Human rights
Food and feed safety
Other
Sustainability report 2022 81
Health and safety

Page 84:
Find out more at
viterra.com
Bringing producers 
and consumers together 
in a world-leading 
agriculture network
Contact
Viterra 
Blaak 31, 3011 GA Rotterdam, Netherlands  
PO Box 1120, 3000 BC Rotterdam
T: +31 10 4044 400 
F: +31 10 4129 635
info@viterra.com


