Page 1:
Sustainability Report 2018

Page 2:
2
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
Table of con TenTs
Table of contents
Page 37: IJssel river flood protection Page 43: because Materials Matter event Page 58: solar park oosterwolde Page 60: a good neighbour in limburg
 3  P rofile, activities and markets
 4 Preface
 6  Summary
 7 V olkerWessels at a glance 2018
 8 V olkerWessels netherlands
 9 Health
 9 n atural environment
 1 0  Work and social enterprise activities
 1 1  V olkerWessels international
 1 2  K ey financial figures
 13  V olkerWessels
 1 4  o u r living environment
 2 0  b u ilding a better quality of life
 2 9  S ustainability topics
 30 H ealth
 32 s afety
 3 7  n a tural environment
 3 9  Resources
 46 CO2 and energy
 5 1  b iodiversity
 5 3  W ork and social activities
 5 5  e mployment
 6 0  c ommunity engagement
 6 4  Integrity
 6 7  V olkerWessels International
 6 9  U nited Kingdom
 7 1  n o rth america
 71 Ge rmany
About this report
 7 3  a b out this report
 77 a ss urance
 7 9  a p pendix sustainability figures
 86 D efinitions

Page 3:
3
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
PRo f Il e, ac TIVITI es anD MaRKeTs
Royal VolkerWessels is a leading integrated and diversified listed 
construction group with a “think global, act local” mindset. VolkerWessels’ 
operating model combines a local sales and client focus with a centralised 
control and support structure at divisional level that optimises scale and 
expertise across its operating companies. VolkerWessels operates primarily 
in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, North America and Germany. 
Operationally, its business is organised in six segments. In the countries in 
which VolkerWessels operates it has over 120 local operating companies, 
which have national and regional offices and management.
This report focuses on our activities in the Netherlands, although we also
report on a small number of indicators for the United Kingdom.
In 2018 we started additional reporting on these indicators for our activities 
in North America and Germany for the first time. For further information 
please refer to the ‘About this report’ section.
Profile, activities and markets
The Netherlands United Kingdom North America Germany
Construction & Real Estate 
Development 
Infrastructure Energy & Telecoms  
Infrastructure *
   co nstruction and 
renovation of residential 
and non-residential real 
estate including industrial 
and logistic facilities 
   Real estate development
   In-house technical 
installation services 
capabilities
   Industrial production and 
supply of construction 
materials, including 
pre-fabricated building 
supplies
   Road construction, service 
and maintenance and 
asphalt production
   Railway construction, 
services and maintenance 
   ci vil engineering activities 
for roads, waterways and 
rail
   Multi-disciplinary project 
management capabilities 
for complex projects
   Traffic management 
systems for roads and 
railways
   co nstruction and 
maintenance of energy 
infrastructure (oil, gas and 
electricity)
   co nstruction and 
maintenance of telecoms 
infrastructure including 
fibre-optic and wireless 
networks 
*  se gment includes belgium.
   ci vil engineering and 
infrastructure
   Railway infrastructure, 
renewals and enhancements
   Rail systems and 
maintenance
   co nstruction and 
maintenance of water and 
energy infrastructure 
including ports and 
harbours, flood risk 
management, utilities and 
waste facilities
   Highway and airport 
infrastructure construction 
and maintenance
   Industrial and commercial 
building and infrastructure
   op erating particularly in 
the al berta and british 
co lumbia provinces with 
focus on municipal road and 
highways maintenance and 
underground utilities 
(sewage and water 
management) construction
   op erating in the broader 
se attle area in roadwork 
construction and 
maintenance, civil 
engineering (such as bridge 
construction and flood risk 
management) and 
underground utilities
   as phalt and gravel 
production
   co nstruction for residential 
housing
   Real estate development 
   fo cus on selected major 
urban areas in Germany,  
in particular around berlin, 
no rth Rhine-Westphalia 
and fr ankfurt

Page 4:
4
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
PRe face
This is a necessity, given that the construction sector 
has a significant impact on the quality of life of society, 
as is reflected in the grand ambitions of our national, 
regional and local governments. We are clear on what 
the end goal should be: a climate-neutral, circular and 
healthy living environment. We consider this to be a 
clear common objective and share this great ambition. 
The discussion should no longer be about what is the 
ultimate goal, but about how we want to realise it, 
and how quickly. VolkerWessels wants to provide 
sustainable alternatives that have a positive impact in 
the transition to a climate-neutral, circular construction 
sector, and is keen to do so. Within a few years, 
emission-free cities will be a reality, homes will no 
longer be connected to the gas grid and we will be 
producing increasing numbers of modular and reusable 
structures. 
What to do or not to do?
Within a wide variety of possible sustainable actions we 
are looking to strike the right balance. We want to act 
quickly but at the same time make carefully considered 
choices. What do we really need to do and how far do 
we take it? 
ou r vision ‘building a better quality of life’ acts as a 
guideline when considering such questions. as a 
construction group, we have the ability to make a major 
contribution to people’s health, natural environment, 
and work and social activities. Ultimately it is not about 
physical buildings or infrastructure, but about the 
people who live and work in that built environment.
ac celerating the pace  and scope of our sustainable 
action is a major challenge for an organisation which 
operates in a sector that is naturally reactive and is 
characterised by small margins. How are we going to 
achieve it? since 1854, before the modern day 
VolkerWessels was established, the company’s ability to 
adapt has been put to the test many times, and we have 
shown ourselves equal to the challenge. We need to tap 
into this ability once again, so we can move with the 
times as far as sustainability is concerned, whilst 
preserving continuity. We are certain that we will 
succeed, by becoming increasingly proactive in order to 
keep pace with the change.
Six focal points
ov er the past year we have spoken extensively at the 
highest management level about our desire to bring 
about change more quickly. These talks resulted in us 
selecting six initiatives on which we will focus additional 
effort in the coming year. It is by focusing on these areas 
that we will be able to make a real change. 
These ‘six focal point’ are an integral part of our overall 
sustainability policy. We are not yet satisfied with our 
performance and the pace of our development in those 
areas. In order to stay well on track, we need to invest in 
knowledge and technical solutions, and address these 
six topics even more actively than we have done so far. 
The first three focal points are focused on those areas 
where VolkerWessels can make the greatest impact and 
has the most influence, along with its clients and other 
partners: 
1.  Circular design strategies  that enable us to embed 
circularity in our designs - for example with the 
circular viaduct - and the standardisation of material 
passports. 
2.  Sustainable equipment services  that contribute to 
our building sites and transport becoming more 
sustainable, with solutions such as using bouwHubs - 
logistical and circular collection points on the 
outskirts of cities. These are proved to have a major 
positive effect, as a study we conducted in 
association with Dutch research institute TNO 
reaffirmed once again this year. 
3.  Sustainable concrete and asphalt.  The production 
process is very energy-intensive,involving a large 
quantity of raw materials - hence providing plenty of 
scope for improvement, increasing our sustainable 
impact.
be sides wanting to influence quality of life in these 
ways, we also need to continue to make our own 
organisation more sustainable. To that end we have also 
formulated three focal points aimed at our own 
sustainability:
4.  Making our fleet of vehicles more sustainable , as our 
large fleet of leased and commercial vehicles 
contribute significant levels of carbon emissions. 
5.  Improving our waste separation rate , as there is 
room for our companies to improve in this area. 
6.  Embedding social return at our companies.  We are a 
large employer, so we wish to take responsibility and 
offer opportunities to people who are at a 
disadvantage in the labour market.
Preface
2018 was an important year for the VolkerWessels sustainability policy, 
a year in which our vision ‘building a better quality of life’ was made a 
priority, right up to the highest level. There has always been room for 
sustainability, but we are increasingly setting more ambitious and visible 
targets for this at a central level.

Page 5:
5
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
PRe face
Good examples in 2018
The circular viaduct is a good example of a circular 
design process. During the year, we delivered the first 
circular viaduct in the netherlands in Kampen through a 
unique partnership. The project taught us in which ways 
we need to change the way we think and collaborate 
with our partners, in order to achieve circular 
infrastructure. for example, intensive collaboration 
with the supplier was required to develop with the right 
modular construction. The viaduct consists of 40 
concrete elements and is designed to allow for complete 
and safe disassembly, removal and reassembly at a new 
location. 
an other prominent innovation is the low-Temperature 
Geothermal Heat project in Zevenbergen, which 
provides a good alternative to traditional heating 
methods. It involves using innovative drilling 
technology to tap into geothermal heat to heat 
greenhouses. In the future we hope to be able to extend 
the technique to residential properties.  
We also developed and built the first biomakerij in the 
ne therlands, providing fully circular water treatment at 
the Trappist abbey in berkel-enschot. Wastewater from 
the ab bey is purified by organic ornamental plants in a 
greenhouse, resulting in huge energy and water savings.
An industry first: sustainable revoling credit facility
Quality of life is taking an increasingly prominent 
position in our organisation. In the past year we took 
the initiative to link our sustainability performance to 
our Revolving credit facility (RCF) which is provided by a 
consortium of banks. We were the first company in the 
Dutch construction sector to do so, thus demonstrating 
our ambitions with regard to sustainability. 
VolkerWessels will be granted a lower rate of interest or 
be subject to a higher rate of interest depending on how 
many sustainability goals we achieve. These 
sustainability goals will be measured annually and 
verified by an external auditor. The three focal points 
for our own organisation mentioned previously are 
included in these goals. our performance on these 
‘RCF-KPIs’ will mainly be used as an internal management 
tool to ensure that quality of life is a standard item on 
our organisation’s agenda. 
We have included the CSR performance of our companies 
in Germany and north america in our sustainability 
reporting for the first time in 2018. Quantitative data 
for our companies in the UK  was already part of our CSR  
reporting in previous years. We are expanding our 
reporting scope because we consider it important that 
we match our  scope for both our financial and our 
sustainability reporting. This is an initial step towards 
introducing greater policy cohesion between the 
various Dutch and international business areas.
Culture survey 
We conducted a culture survey in 2018 to learn more 
about how our employees view us as an employer. 
al l employees were asked questions on topics such as 
social safety and long-term employability. Where are 
we performing well and what do we need to improve? 
The survey produced some very valuable insights. 
Quality of life and sustainability are still not considered 
to be an intrinsic part of daily work for the organisation. 
ou r employees need greater visibility for these topics, 
as well as better cooperation between our companies. 
This is also a task for us as the Management board. It is 
essential that we keep repeating our message. The six 
focal point we have identified will help us, as they 
translate quality of life to tangible, specific actions for 
the organisation.
Working safely
The culture survey showed that our ‘safety’ core value is 
highly valued by our employees. However, the number 
of accidents in our sector is still too high and our 
performance could and should be better. That is one of 
the reasons why the injury frequency rate has been 
included in the targets for the revolving credit facility 
(RCF). Working safely is our top priority. Where safety is 
concerned, the culture of discipline and accountability 
must be a constant area of focus. In the past year, 
we have strengthened our policy considerably: we are 
increasing the involvement of management, 
and investing in certifying our companies on the safety 
la dder – a national tool used to measure safety culture. 
Looking ahead to 2019
as w e move towards 2020, the target year for our 
current sustainability goals, we have made a start with 
the development of new quality of life targets for 2025. 
These will be strongly linked to the aforementioned 
focal points and the three pillars of our quality of life 
vision: health, natural environment, and work and social 
activities. We will finalise these targets in 2019 and 
present them in detail in our next sustainability report.
 
Management Board of VolkerWessels
Jan de Ruiter
Dick bo ers
Jan van Rooijen
al fred Vos
al an Robertson
fr om left to right: Jan de Ruiter, alan Robertson, Dick boers, Jan van 
Rooijen, alfred Vos.

Page 6:
 7 VolkerWessels at a glance 2018
 8 VolkerWessels netherlands
  9 Health
  9 natural environment
  10 Work and social activities
 1 1  VolkerWessels International
 1 2  Key financial figures
Summary

Page 7:
7VolkerWessels sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
VolkerWessels at a glance 2018
1
1 VolkerWessels netherlands includes the foreign branches of our Dutch companies and therefore differs from the legal structure of VolkerWessels nederland b.V.
Revenue
€ 350 
million
Number of 
employees 
1,400
North America
Revenue 
€ 1,116 
million
Number of 
employees 
2,890
United Kingdom
Revenue 
€ 4,190 
million
Number of 
employees 
11,987
The Netherlands
Revenue 
€ 268 
million
Number of 
employees 
353
Germany


Page 8:
8
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
Summary – VolkerWessels netherlands
1
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
1 VolkerWessels netherlands includes the foreign branches of our Dutch companies and therefore differs from the legal structure of VolkerWessels nederland b.V.
2 The decline in the figure for 2018 was mainly due to a stricter application of our methodology and data quality requirements, not to a change in the actual performance (see page 58 for a more detailed explanation).
€4,190 million
93% 
11,987 persons
99% 
0.7 % 
127 kilotonnes 769 homes
4.6 3.9 %
98% 
2017 €4,124 million
2017 53%
2017 11,783 persons
2017 87%
2017 2.3%
2017 134 kilotonnes 2017 758 homes
2017 5.3 2017 4.2%
2017 97%
Revenue 2018
Waste separation rate 2018*
Number of employees 2018
Recycling rate 2018
Social Return 2018* 2
CO2 footprint 2018* Number of zero-energy bill 
homes 2018
IF rate 2018* Sickness rate 2018*
Use of sustainable timber 
2018
 +1.6%
 +1%
 +1.7%
 +77%
 –64%
 +14%
 -8%
 +1.5%
 –0.7
 –7

Page 9:
9
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
Summary – VolkerWessels nederland
 SAFETY 2016 2017 2018 INITIATIVES IN 2019 TARGET  FOR  2020 PROGRESS
IF rate 5.5 * 5.3 * 4.6 *    Major modifications to the WAVE  app
   Improved monthly management reporting
   saf ety ladder certification
 IF-rate 3.5
ac cidents resulting in absence 
from work
129 * 129 * 116 *
 
sic kness rate 3.9% * 4.2% * 3.9% *
 
Health
 ac hieved on track no t on track
 RA w  m ATERIAlS 2016 2017 2018 INITIATIVES IN 2019 TARGET  FOR  2020 PROGRESS
Use of sustainable timber 96% 97% 98%    Development of circular bouwhub in amsterdam
   Monnickendam project featuring all-timber structure
   Generate additional material passports
100% of timber use is sustainable
Volume of waste (in kilotonnes) 66 * 72 * 680 *
101
1
25% reduction in waste for disposal for 
each euro of revenue compared to 2014
Waste separation rate 62% * 53% * 93% *
53%
1
100%
Recycling rate 89% 87% 99% 97%
se condary materials in concrete 
products (% recycled)
5% 10% * 4% *
6%2 
25% reduction in primary concrete 
procured compared to 2014
 
se condary materials in asphalt 
products (% recycled)
41% 41% 41% * 10% reduction in asphalt raw materials 
procured compared to 2014
na tural environment
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
1 D ue to a definition change (see page 45) we include two figures for 2018. The bottom figure shows the result according to the old definition. 
2 D ue to an expansion of the scope (see page 41) we include two figures for 2018. The bottom figure shows the result according to the old definition. 

Page 10:
10
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
Summary – VolkerWessels nederland
 CO 2  AN d ENERGY  2016 2017 2018 INITIATIVES IN 2019 TARGET  FOR  2020 PROGRESS
CO2 footprint (scope 1 and 2 
in kilotonnes)
123 * 134 * 127 *    ac tion plan for focal point sustainable fleet
   ci rcular bouwHub in amsterdam
10% reduction in CO 2 per €  of revenue 
compared to 2014
CO2 emissions of concrete 
products (scope 3) in kg  
of CO2  per m3
149 154 * 161 *
141
1
5% reduction in CO 2 per m3 of revenue 
compared to 2014
 
Zero-energy bill homes 270 758 769 * 2000 per annum
na tural environment 
 E m PlO Ym ENT  2016 2017 2018 INITIATIVES IN 2019 TARGET  FOR  2020 PROGRESS
Total average number  
of employees 
11,638 11,783 11,987    la unch central learning management system 
   la unch werkenbijvolkerwessels.nl recruitment website
   la unch ‘Maak Morgen Mogelijk’ campaign  
   Involve supply chain partners in social enterprise activities 
   Masterclass ‘Dealing with social enterprise in the workplace’  
masterclass for instructors
   fo cus on internal succession planning  
   Invest in long-term employability
co nstruction & Real 
es tate Development
3,627 3,716 3,768
Infrastructure 4,900 4,983 4,903  
en ergy & Telecom 
Infrastructure 2,819 2,789 2,950
 
oth er 292 295 366  
Percentage of people at a 
disadvantage on the labour 
market (PSO -score)
1.7% 2.3% 0.7% *2 3.7 %
Work and social enterprise activities 
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
2 The decline in the figure for 2018 was mainly due to a stricter application of our methodology and data quality requirements, not to a change in the actual performance (see page 58 for a more detailed explanation).
1 D ue to an expansion of the scope (see page 75) we include two figures for 2018. The bottom figure shows the result according to the old definition. 
ac hieved on track no t on track

Page 11:
11
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
Summary – VolkerWessels International
RA w  m ATERIAlS 2018
Volume of waste (in kilotonnes)
United Kingdom * 321
nor th am erica 86
Germany 0.14
af valscheidingspercentage
United Kingdom * 93%
nor th am erica 99%
Germany 78%
CO 2 AN d ENERGY 2018
CO2-footprint  
(scope 1 and 2 in kilotonnes)
United Kingdom * 32
nor th am erica 71
Germany 2
na tural 
environment 
SAFETY 2018
IF rate
United Kingdom * 1.1
nor th am erica 7. 5
Germany 14.7
ac cidents resulting in absence 
from work
United Kingdom * 7
nor th am erica 21
Germany 8
sic kness rate
United Kingdom * 1.1%
nor th am erica 0.1%
Germany 4.3%
Health
Em PlO Y m ENT 2018
Total average number of 
employees
United Kingdom 2,890
nor th am erica 1,400
Germany 353
Work and social  
activities
INITIATIVES IN 2019
   se t up quarterly reporting process
   fu rther implement quality control 
system
    fo llow up on recommendations  
for improvement from external 
assessment
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 12:
12
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUMMaRy
Key financial figures
FINANCIAl 2016 2017 2018
Revenue (in mln euro)
ne therlands –  construction &  
Real es tate  
Development
1,946 2,043 2,105
ne therlands – Infrastructure 1,371 1,474 1,414
ne therlands –  energy & Telecom 649 674 751
United Kingdom 1,071 995 1,116
nor th am erica 317 351 350
Germany 207 244 268
or der book (in mln euro) 8,157 8,091 8,924
EBITDA  (in mln euro) 254 265 * 251 **
op erating expenses (in mln euro) 5,335 5,563 5,796
*  ex cluding €  13 million third party result and €  5 million staff-related charge in connection with the share incentive plan.
**  ex cluding €  6 million staff-related expense in connection with the share incentive plan.

Page 13:
 1 4  o ur living environment
 1 5  b usiness model
 2 0  b uilding a better quality of life
VolkerWessels

Page 14:
14
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
Our living environment 
How can we continue to lead comfortable and healthy 
lives in our urbanised, densely populated built 
environment and still meet our climate targets? 
ci ties present both a challenge and an opportunity in 
this respect, accounting for around 60 to 80 per cent of 
total energy consumption and around 75 per cent of 
carbon emissions. The pressure on the urban housing 
market and infrastructure is growing all the time, 
and residents are increasingly demanding in terms of 
quality of life. However, it is precisely this intensive 
pressure that provides opportunities for sustainable 
solutions. for example, the scale of cities means it is 
easier to make efficient use of energy and resources and 
to implement technological innovations on a large scale.
The issues of sustainability and quality of life are so 
closely intertwined, that there is no added value in 
approaching them separately. We combine these 
challenges and see them as an opportunity for 
innovations which are valuable to society. 
If we want to put successful sustainable alternatives on 
the market it is essential that we get the various 
disciplines working together. We come up with 
solutions by actively engaging with our stakeholders, 
knowledge partners and with society in general. 
This requires the expertise, experience and ideas of all 
of our stakeholders.
What do developments in society mean for us?
be low we highlight a few of the main developments in 
society that impact our business operations.  
Growing importance of wellbeing and health
People are increasingly health conscious. 
ne w definitions of health focus on people’s ability to 
adapt and take control when faced with the physical, 
emotional and social challenges of life. We are also 
finding that end users are placing new demands on 
buildings. This is reflected in procurement criteria - for 
example, design requirements for offices tend to pay 
increasing attention to employees’ health. new housing 
concepts in which sustainability, health and circularity 
are the norm are consistent with this trend.
Climate change
Rising temperatures have many negative consequences: 
extreme weather, a growing contrast between wet and 
dry regions, and a decline in biodiversity. all these 
factors also have an impact on human health, such as a 
decline in the quality of drinking water and food. 
This also poses major challenges to our clients 
(particularly those in the public sector), for example in 
relation to flooding and heat stress. as we are active in 
the market through both design and execution, we must 
be able to offer smart and sustainable solutions in 
tenders and projects. climate-mitigating and climate-
adaptive measures can be used to make ecosystems 
more resilient. 
Tight labour market
With an ageing population, there is insufficient young 
talent is coming through to meet demand, and there is a 
growing shortage of specialist technicians. It is 
important to VolkerWessels that all employees remain 
employable on a long-term basis and that as an 
employer we respond to the personal needs of both 
existing and potential employees.
Digital transformation
We are living in an age when information is always at our 
fingertips. Unlimited connectivity makes a major social 
contribution to quality of life. More and more machines, 
sensors and people are connected to everything and 
everybody. While this poses risks in terms of data 
security, privacy and improper use of technology, it also 
presents opportunities for making networks even 
faster, smarter and safer. Digitisation offers scope for 
even smarter design, construction and maintenance. 
fo r example, open data can be used for location scans 
and smart logistics, and BIM  models can be used to 
create resource banks and materials passports. 

Page 15:
15
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
Business model
activities and output
 
What we do: design and build an entire living environment
Input
 
What we need in order to  
perform our activities
Results
a living environment that 
contributes to quality of life
Economic
fi nancing and capital goods  
such as equipment
Health and wellbeing
sa fety, health, well-being
Social
Knowledge and experience  
of employees and 
subcontractors
Natural environment
Raw materials, CO2 and energy, 
biodiversity
Environment Work and social activities
Resources, building materials 
and energy
Work and education, mobility, 
recreation, social interaction


Page 16:
16
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
What output do we realise with this?
In collaboration with our employees, chain partners and 
other stakeholders we are able to realise not just 
individual structures such as homes, roundabouts or 
masts but even design and build an entire area. Working 
together with companies from all sectors we have the 
ability to design a complete living environment, 
for example a whole residential area complete with 
roads, green areas, sewage system and internet 
connection. or a modern business area such as strijp-s 
in ei ndhoven, comprising a mix of offices, homes, cafes, 
pubs and restaurants, and cultural venues. 
What result do we aim for?
We expressly focus not just on the physical living 
environment but on the impact of the living 
environment on people’s quality of life. It is about the 
living enjoyment, happiness, health, accessibility and 
greenery. We put this into practice in three key areas in 
which VolkerWessels has a great deal of influence and 
therefore the ability to contribute to quality of life:
1.  Health and wellbeing
2.  na tural environment
3.  Work and social activities
In the United Kingdom, north america and Germany, 
VolkerWessels has leading positions in selected 
markets. 
ou r company is an ecosystem of entrepreneurs and 
more than 120 local operating companies, 
with approximately 16,600 employees. The majority of 
our 25,000 projects a year are locally sourced, small 
scale, with low complexity and high repetition. 
This solid backbone enables us to take a selective 
approach towards additional large-scale, complex 
projects. VolkerWessels acts primarily as the lead 
contractor, specifically focusing on activities such as 
project, contract and risk management. Whilst 
subcontracting the majority of the actual construction 
work, it maintains strategic and tactical positions across 
the entire value chain.
ou r core values of safety, sustainability and integrity 
are key in performing our work. This means we pay 
attention to such things as a tidy, safe and sustainable 
construction site, economical use of our equipment and 
thorough separation of waste to optimise recycling. 
What input do we require for this?
In order to realise our projects we need economic, social 
and environmental input, for example:
   Economic  f inancing and capital goods such as 
equipment.
   Social  k nowledge and experience of employees and 
subcontractors.
   Environmental  r esources, building materials and 
energy.
To support our building sites we aim to make our supply 
and logistics as safe, economical and efficient as 
possible, for example by means of the bouwHub or by 
using sustainable materials.
Our activities
We operate in three sectors in the netherlands with a 
very diverse range of activities. from development and 
design to construction, management and operation:
   Construction & Real Estate Development  from 
property development to residential, industrial and 
non-residential construction.
   Infrastructure  c ivil engineering, road and railway 
construction, traffic systems.
   Energy & Telecom Infrastructure  i nfrastructure for 
energy networks and telecommunications.
This visual depiction of the living environment shows a simplified version of 
our business model: the activities we perform, what we use in the process 
and the result we ultimately achieve for the living environment. We are not 
just interested in the physical buildings and networks that we create than  
in how they contribute to quality of life. We achieve this by using 
comprehensive collaboration to combine the local knowledge and  
expertise of our companies.

Page 17:
Profitably capture attractive 
market opportunities
Further margin improvement 
through operational excellence
Strategic bolt-on acquisitions
Safety
SustainabilityIntegrity
Risk Management & governance
1 2
34
business model
Client-centric Employer
of choice
excellence
Operational and innovation
Digitalisation
17
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
Strategic pillars
ou r strategy is based on four pillars:
1. cl ient-centric business model
2. em ployer of choice 
3. operational excellence
4. Digitisation and innovation
ou r core values of safety, integrity and sustainability 
are crucial elements within this strategy. These four 
pillars translate into three tactical priorities: (1) to 
profitably capture attractive market opportunities, (2) 
to improve margins through operational excellence and 
(3) to pursue strategic bolt-on acquisitions. 
The procurement process is increasingly defined by 
sustainable quality and long-term management. We use 
our expert knowledge and innovative concepts to 
better meet the needs of society. The emphasis of our 
work is on the crucial issue: contributing to the quality 
of life of residents and end users. 
What does this mean for our projects?
ou r diverse range of businesses within our company is 
what continues to set VolkerWessels apart. 
This diversity means that we have many different 
disciplines and areas of expertise within our group, 
while the decentralised structure of our organisation 
keeps us close to the changes taking place in the market 
and allows us to keep responding to those changes. 
at the same time we are faced with the challenge of 
combining this decentralised expertise and market 
knowledge into centralised solutions. exchanging 
knowledge internally and scaling up pilots for broader 
application are crucial in this respect.
 
ou r companies’ core activity is the successful 
completion of a large volume of local projects in local 
markets. In doing so we focus on small and medium-
sized projects, supplemented by large and small 
multidisciplinary projects that allow us to make the best 
possible use of the combined knowledge within our 
group. ou r reputation for quality, sustainability and 
innovation, our sound financial position and our focus 
on margin over volume support this strategy. 
In addition our companies will continue to operate 
locally and independently, and there will continue to be 
room for entrepreneurship and innovation. The scope 
for personal initiative makes our employees feel 
responsible for their organisation and the living 
environment.
What does this mean for our sector?
Given the improved market conditions and general 
outlook for the construction sector, our expectations 
for the medium term are positive.  
The drive towards greater sustainability in the sector 
will pick up pace in the coming years. Governments have 
ambitious targets and high expectations in their 
capacity as major clients, while our clients and society in 
general also expect a great deal from the construction 
sector. ou r clear direction, together with the rapid pace 
of development in the market, means we can predict 
accurately what the sector can expect in the medium 
term. 
We are clear about the ultimate goal we are working 
towards: a climate-neutral, circular construction sector. 
This will require sustainable solutions to complex issues. 
The challenge is not to achieve just one objective (CO2 
reduction, climate adaptation, circularity, health and 
wellbeing) but to tackle them all. by devising effective 
sustainable alternatives and working with supply chain 
partners and clients to develop them, we can play a key 
role, both now and in the future. 
We are seeing a rise in demand for sustainable solutions 
in the markets where we are active. The transition to 
sustainable energy sources such as wind, solar and 
hydrogen is fuelling demand in the market for energy 
infrastructure. The development towards gas-free 
neighbourhoods is having a major impact on our 
construction and real estate segment. This also poses 
challenges, with the sector still needing a great deal of 
innovation in order to transform existing buildings and 
adapt infrastructure to this development. at the same 
time telecom solutions such as smart meters and 
high-speed fibre-optic networks can support this 
transition.  
STRATEGY

Page 18:
18
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
Road (developed in co-creation with supply chain 
partners) and the materials passport.
This will lead to more intensive cooperation with our 
suppliers and partners. Increasingly VolkerWessels is 
becoming a knowledge partner as well as a contractor. 
This is the role we aspire to have; it increases our 
involvement at every stage of the lifecycle and gives us 
greater influence, from the first design stages all the 
way to the use phase.
Risk management 
Good risk management and taking advantage of 
opportunities is necessary for the successful 
achievement of our strategic objectives. 
The Management board has overall responsibility for 
identifying, prioritising, managing and monitoring risks. 
Holding quarterly meetings with the boards of our 
operating companies, and using specific indicators are 
among the tools used to monitor risks over time. These 
include our safety indicators relating to risks 
surrounding health and safety, and indicators for CO2 
and consumption of primary resources to measure our 
dependence on raw materials and fossil fuels. These 
indicators can be found throughout the various thematic 
section of this report. you can read more about risk 
management in our organisation in the Risk section of 
our an nual Report.
What do these developments mean for our value chain?
If we are to establish a climate-neutral, circular sector, 
our entire value chain will have to adapt accordingly. 
We can no longer persist in thinking  of this value chain 
as being composed of single isolated links. Rather, 
collaboration with all the partners throughout the value 
chain is crucial to devising innovative solutions. 
The challenge for VolkerWessels in this regard is: at 
what points in the value chain can we play that 
connecting role, and where do do we need other parties 
to do so? another challenge is that all supply chain 
partners will need to think about how costs that are 
currently still external can be changed to internal in our 
business operations, products and services. 
This will result in a shift in focus to the front end of the 
chain. Which is precisely where the biggest challenges 
lie: how to make it easier to reuse items, to extend their 
lifespan and reduce or avoid consumption of primary 
resources and energy. VolkerWessels will give top 
priority to innovations that can accelerate this 
transition in the chain. examples include the Plastic le ft: si mon Jorritsma, Right: anne Koudstaal.  
Joint inventors of the PlasticRoad concept.

Page 19:
/d.sc/e.sc/s.sc/i.sc/g.sc/n.sc
/e.sc/x.sc/t.sc/r.sc/a.sc/c.sc/t.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc /a.sc/n.sc/d.sc
/p.sc/r.sc/o.sc/d.sc/u.sc/c.sc/t.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc
/c.sc/o.sc/n.sc/s.sc/t.sc/r.sc/u.sc/c.sc/t.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc 
/u.sc/s.sc/e.sc /p.sc/h.sc/a.sc/s.sc/e.sc
/e.sc/n.sc/d.sc /o.sc/f.sc
/f.sc/u.sc/n.sc/c.sc/t.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc
19
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
This overview shows our value 
chain along with the sustainability 
topics relevant to each step in the 
chain. These topics are discussed 
in more detail elsewhere in this 
report. our influence is greatest 
during the design and construction 
phases, when we leverage our 
influence as much as we can to 
activate the rest of the chain.
VolkerWessels  
value chain
   ne eds of the end user 
   Research how to contribute to 
quality of life and how we can 
reduce energy and resource use 
across the entire value chain    ci rcularity and flexible design are 
important in this context
   an e xample is the circular Viaduct 
which is designed based on  
circular principles
   Innovative and efficient 
extraction and production 
   st rategic cooperation with 
suppliers, for example 
through the Green Deal on co ncrete for instance, 
and by setting sustainability 
requirements for our 
procurement    fo r example FSC, 
the environmental impact of 
concrete products or social 
return requirements   Researching alternative 
materials and ways to use 
waste
   The final step in the chain is 
essentially also the first step 
   When a structure reaches the 
end of its function is reached, 
materials and resources are 
freed up again   st rategic collaboration with raw 
materials suppliers, manufac -
turers and waste processors 
   by m aking this explicit in the 
design, we are able to increase 
reuse and recycling levels 
   ne eds of the end user, with quality of life being the guiding theme 
   fo cus on efficient management and maintenance and to extend the 
lifecycle of structures and infrastructure as much as possible
   avo id demolition wherever possible
   ac ting as a good 
neighbour is the basic 
principle, by working in accordance with consid-
erate co nstructors and 
focus on safety with our 
WAVE programme 
   sa fety program WAVE
   cr eative solutions to 
minimise nuisance, 
for example by setting up 
efficient logistics to 
support the construction 
process
 2
 3
 4
 5
1

Page 20:
20
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
as a n international construction group with many 
different areas of expertise, we are in a position to 
organise a large part of the living environment. 
That means that contributing to quality of life is not just 
an empty phrase. We have influence over how people 
live, the ease of their commute to work, and the quality 
of the hospital in which they are being treated.
Three quality of life pillars
We know that we are not able to influence all aspects of 
quality of life directly. We have consciously selected 
three pillars that we are able to influence to a great 
extent; this enables us to focus our approach. The three 
topics we chose, together with our companies, 
our stakeholders and independent experts are:
1.  Health
2.  na tural environment 
3.  Work and social activities
Why these pillars? 
We know where our influence lies for each of these 
pillars.
   Health:  we focus on research into healthy design and 
on developing new building concepts aimed at 
health. In addition, healthy employees are by far the 
most important consideration in our own organi-
sation: working safely is our number one priority. 
   Natural environment: our role here is an important 
one. ou r use of raw materials – extraction as well as 
production – has a considerable impact on the 
natural environment. by coming up with effective 
sustainable alternatives we can contribute in a 
positive way to the transition to a climate-neutral, 
circular construction sector.
   Work and social activities:  as we are involved in 
building people’s living environment on an everyday 
basis, we have influence over mobility, recreation 
and social aspectsin these areas. In addition, 
work has a major bearing on people’s levels of 
happiness and well-being people experience. 
We therefore strive to be an excellent employer for 
our employees.
at both higher management level and at project level we 
have discussed how our potential influence can be 
translated into policy. We also involve our external 
Review co mmittee in this discussion, which is composed 
of external experts in various disciplines. our ambitions 
need to be consistent with the great diversity of our 
organisation and at the same time be focused on the 
long term. 
Strategy 
We want to be a valuable knowledge partner. 
This means that we need strong foundations in order to 
do our work well.  
Building a better quality of life
The VolkerWessels vision is a built environment where people experience a better 
quality of life. In short, our ambition is to contribute to people’s health and 
happiness. We look at the added value for the end user. Do we really build our 
homes so well that people live longer and happier lives in them? 
Being a knowledge partner
We want to be a valuable knowledge partner for our 
clients in the area of quality of life. We provide input on 
how society can be organised in a way in which high 
quality of life will be future-proofed. We help clients to 
make their objectives more tangible, and experiment 
and innovate together. In addition, we see ourselves as 
an important partner for discussion with our sector 
peers and with politicians, and aspire to be a research 
partner for research institutions. 
The challenges of being a knowledge partner
We believe that acting as a knowledge partner is 
essential if we want to improve people’s quality of life. 
We are convinced that we have what it takes, but we still 
have a way to go. It also poses challenges.  
Reliable claims
fo r us, something is sustainable once we have proven 
that this is actually the case. We want to avoid claiming 
that a concept or product is sustainable unless we are 
able to actually substantiate this. That means more 
research, consideration, development and testing. 
Whilst this is not our core task, we are making progress. 
a good example is our cooperation on the new NEN 
regulations on circularity, which focus on new working 
practices, harmonisation and circular construction 
standards.
Making reliable claims also means being open about 
weaknesses and matters we are still unsure about. If we 
are not yet sufficiently sure about what the long-term 
impact of a particular application, we have to be honest 
and transparent about these uncertainties. This is a 
challenge on which we are focusing extra attention.

Page 21:
“When you build,  
you are building the future.  
so a lways make sure to give the future 
a voice when making policy decisions. 
Think about the rights of those who 
have yet to be born.”
Jan Terlouw
Writer, former politician and  
co-initiator of ‘Toekomststoel’
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE
21
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
A proactive role takes some getting used to 
We can use our influence to contribute to smart 
solutions for developments in society, such as sudden 
growth or contraction in regions or neighbourhoods. 
by e ngaging in discussion with the Government and 
politicians we can develop sustainable, prefabricated, 
circular concepts, tailor-made for the area and issues 
concerned. 
While it is up to us to overcome the technical hurdles to 
realising a healthy and sustainable built environment, 
the greatest challenges are actually social and 
organisational rather than technical. natural gas-free 
construction is a good example. It presents a major 
challenge in terms of keeping track of agreements 
between partners and creating awareness and trust 
among all parties in the market with regard to the 
construction of gas-free neighbourhoods.
In working towards our goal of being a valuable 
knowledge partner, we are required to take a proactive 
approach in order to accelerate these social and 
organisational processes. This is no easy matter in a 
sector that is traditionally quite reactive and is used to 
focussing on the technical issues.
We cannot do it alone, however. We also need to see our 
clients take a more proactive stance. as well as working 
with them on development, we also see a role for them 
in terms of financing sustainable alternatives. Together, 
we need to come up with solutions on how to distribute 
the necessary investment burden required to make the 
construction sector more sustainable.
Putting our house in order
The second part of our strategy is about doing our work 
well. This relates to things such as building high quality 
homes, safe and tidy building sites and an 
entrepreneurial business culture that enables a 
multidisciplinary way of working. It also means having a 
good insight into our sustainability performance. 
a certain basic occupational hygiene, to ensure 
sustainability in every project that we deliver, is an 
important element of this strategy. This needs to be 
made visible in a dashboard that provides insight into a 
number of chosen KPIs, with targets and results 
providing a constant basis for a substantive discussion 
about quality of life. This dashboard is currently under 
development.
Sustainability means making choices
ou r vision ‘building a better quality of life’ is becoming 
more concrete all the time. We are making a focused 
choice to pursue a number of initiatives to which we are 
fully committed. In selecting these initiatives we keep a 
close eye on our core business: constructing buildings 
and delivering infrastructure. This pragmatic approach 
will ensure that we make the biggest possible difference 
in the shortest amount of time.
VolkerWessels is investing in these initiatives because it 
will help us create a good foundation for a strong 
proactive stance and good positioning in the market. 
However, it is also because we are not yet satisfied with 
our performance and the pace of development of 
sustainable alternatives. 
We expect our first three focal points to enable us to 
make a major sustainable impact:
   Circular design strategies  that enable us work with 
clients and project owners to embed circularity in 
our designs, as is the case for example with the 
circular viaduct and the standardisation of material 
passports. 
   Sustainable equipment services  that make our 
building sites and transport more sustainable, 
for example by using bouwHubs, logistical and 
circular collection centres. 

Page 22:
22
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
   Sustainable concrete and asphalt.  The production 
process for these materials is very energy-intensive 
and requires a lot of raw materials, providing plenty 
of scope for increased sustainable performance.  
We also need to further increase the sustainability of 
our own working processes. We are working on good 
basic occupational hygiene within our own organisation 
by:
   Making our fleet of vehicles more sustainable , 
in view of our large fleet of leased and commercial 
vehicles (5,000 in total) which are responsible for 
significant carbon emissions. 
   Improving our waste separation rate , as there is 
room for further improvement by the companies in 
this area. 
   Embedding social return at our companies.  as w e are 
a large employer, we want to take responsibility and 
give a chance to people who are at a disadvantage on 
the labour market.
Better communication of the quality of life message
In addition to the six focal points, our directors are also 
tasked with getting the quality of life message across. 
We can see that our narrative and our ambitions are 
paying off. In order to raise our profile as a knowledge 
partner we need to get our vision across better, 
both internally and externally. 
ov er the past year all the statutory directors have come 
together to discuss our three core values of safety, 
sustainability and integrity. In relation to safety, 
we spoke about tighter objectives and reducing the 
number of accidents. In relation to integrity we 
considered the decentralised structure, 
and ourpositions on issues such as accepting gifts and 
managing bullying. In relation to sustainability, 
the focus was on the medium term: 2023. What can we 
expect to come our way in the next five years? How do 
we make sure we are ready for the changes in society, 
the market and customer demand? and, more  
importantly, what is our own vision of the future?  
We have challenged our board members to take quality 
of life into account in strategic decisions. 
at the end of last year we appointed a number of 
ambassadors to really bring the quality of life topic to 
life in the  organisation. These are enthusiastic people 
with a passion for sustainability, who have a drive to get 
the VolkerWessels vision across. each ambassador 
works on behalf of our organisation in their own area of 
expertise.
Engaging in dialogue
To continue developing our quality of life approach, 
and communicate it even more clearly and effectively, 
we engage in regular dialogue with our various 
stakeholders. This helps us to shape our shared 
ambitions and goals, and to achieve them.
Many of our projects are commissioned by 
governments. It is essential that we have a joint 
dialogue about how all parties can achieve their 
sustainability ambitions. This type of conversation, 
that VolkerWessels has been conducting for a long time, 
can be tricky. It requires both the client and the 
contractor to work more as partners and to 
acknowledge that this can be new and uncomfortable 
for both. It calls for an attitude to procurement and 
contracts that is different from the usual customer-
supplier or client-contractor relationships.
We help clients make their sustainability goals tangible. 
la st year for example, we contributed our knowledge of 
systems and contracts. Together with our clients we 
brainstormed about the road of the future, energy-
neutral tunnels, measures in maintenance contracts and 
new circular business cases. We do this by organising 
design sprints and brainstorming sessions.
Revolving Credit Facility: breaking new ground in 
the construction sector
In 2018 we took the initiative to link our 
sustainability performance to the Revolving credit 
fa cility ( RCF), reaching agreements on this initiative 
with seven major banks. Under the RCF  agreement 
the level of interest we pay on the loan will be 
partially determined by how many sustainability 
goals we achieve. 
This step is heavily consistent with our vision. 
It demonstrates our ambition to constantly improve 
ourselves. We are proud to be a pioneer in the field 
of sustainable financing. The lower or higher level of 
the interest rate will be determined by the number of 
sustainability goals, focussed on five performance 
indicators. In defining the indicators we looked at 
our influence on the three quality of life pillars and 
how they contribute to the sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). The indicators are related to safety, CO 2, 
energy, social return and raw materials. 
ou r sustainability goals will be measured annually 
and verified by an external auditor. We will mainly 
use this RCF performance as an internal management 
tool to ensure that quality of life is a standard item 
on our organisation’s agenda. The RCF KPIs are 
included in the Management board’s balanced 
scorecard.
“It is interesting to note  
that many the sustainability 
criteria are at the same time 
requirements in procurement  
for our clients.”

Page 23:
Clients
Suppliers
Governments
Science
Training 
institutes
Employees
Local 
community
End users
Sector peers
Financiers
NGOs
23
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
Our research partners
Knowledge institutes are key partners for realising 
projects and developing concepts. We have a lot to 
learn from researchers and students, and we collaborate 
with them in all kinds of ways – within our projects, 
within our companies and at a group level.
In order to take advantage of the opportunities 
provided by new technologies we have intensified our 
collaboration with Delft University of Technology 
through our partnership with X!Delft. X!Delft gathers 
technological know-how and business expertise, 
enabling the rapid translation of innovations and ideas 
into tangible applications and business models.
We have developed a great partnership with KWR  
Watercycle Research Institute over the past year. 
whO whAT whY kE Y  FINdIN GS
str ategic dialogue 
(annual)
bo ard members 
and external 
stakeholders
so cial trends, 
topics and 
expectations
Input for vision 
and strategy
   VolkerWessels needs to increase its 
promotion of quality of life
   We need more frequent dialogue with the 
end-users
   ac t more as a knowledge partner in dealing 
with clients
op erational 
dialogue 
(semi-annual)
Representatives 
of companies and 
external 
stakeholders
co ncrete 
implementation 
of strategy
Input for actions 
and programmes
   Make measures to green our vehicles more 
tangible, distinguishing between greater/
lesser impact and easy/difficult to 
implement
   Top 3: aw areness programmes on safe and 
sustainable driving, electric car with holiday 
alternative and speed control
en d-user dialogues 
(annual)
su rvey of 
wellbeing and 
productivity 
among end users 
of office 
buildings in the 
ne therlands 
co ntribute to 
quality of life
Input for further 
development of 
quality of life
   Respond effectively to wishes and needs 
   bu ild a long-term relationship with the 
project’s local community
ex ternal Review 
co mmittee 
(annual)
Three 
independent 
experts at the 
interface of 
science and 
business: 
Karen Maas
Wim Pullen
Ruben Vrijhoef
co ntribute to 
quality of life
Input for further 
development of 
quality of life, 
vision and 
strategy
   Make sure your story is rock solid
   su pport employees on projects with clear 
tools
   Gather insights into what people value 
about ‘a pleasant living environment’ and 
what a construction company is and is not 
able to influence in this regard
OVERVIE w OF kEY STA kEhOldERS

Page 24:
To be able to keep on 
innovating we need to tap 
into the brainpower of our 
professionals
quAlI TY  OF lIFE
Integrity
co de of conduct and 
con fidential line
su stainability
su stainability  
communication
sa fety
WAVE
Internal resources
safeguard the  
core values
Core values
how we achieve  
the vision
Vision  
our contribution  
to society
24
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
come up with the best idea for recycling waste and 
materials. 
We are sure that employees can contribute good ideas. 
To be able to keep on innovating we need to tap into the 
brainpower of our professionals. last year saw the 
official launch of the HeliX innovation programme. 
HeliX is a key part of our innovation strategy, promoting 
mutual cooperation between our companies. 
The programme offers a way of working that is different 
from our standard operational processes, facilitating 
problem-oriented innovation through a process based 
on Design Thinking, lean startup and agile 
methodologies.
a digital environment – to which all VolkerWessels 
employees will have access – will be used to gather ideas 
for various innovation campaigns during a short period 
of time. The campaigns may also be opened up to 
external parties so that we can work with partners, 
start-ups or clients to come up with solutions.
Together we are developing the nexus knowledge 
campus for research, development and design for the 
water sector. The idea is to pool ideas about circularity, 
energy and water, thus working towards our ambition to 
bring knowledge to the market more quickly. This will 
be made possible by working in the same building with 
various knowledge partners. 
This year we joined Platform CB ’23, in which we are 
working with various parties to reach agreements on 
circular construction across the construction sector. 
on e clear objective is to develop new NEN regulations. 
The working groups are looking at topics including new 
working practices, harmonisation and standardisation. 
What our employees think
The commitment of our employees is crucial in realising 
our ambitions, which based on our core values: safety, 
sustainability and integrity. In 2018 we invited all our 
employees to take part in a culture survey. We asked 
them how we are doing, what we are doing well and 
where we need to improve.
on e of the things where our employees feel there is 
room for improvement is our positioning in terms of 
quality of life. In 2019 we will launch the first part of our 
communication programme, an employee challenge to 
In 2018 the campaign was about lorry parks. 
The transport sector is experiencing a growing number 
of problems with regard to safety and comfort. 
We asked employees for their ideas on safety, 
user-friendliness, comfort, sustainability and good 
traffic flow. This resulted in activity from around 1,000 
employees and 140 ideas, of which 16 were selected. 
The concept will be fleshed out with the initiators of the 
campaign in 2019.
Setting a more active course towards sustainability
How do you help the organisation to move in a 
sustainable direction? How do we raise the subject of 
sustainability with all our companies in such a way that 
we really get through to every layer of the organisation? 
ou r management objective is to make sure that 
sustainability is translated into every single project. 
This is a process that will take several years. 
ou r principal objective is to do our work well. 
That means a working process based on safety, 
sustainability and integrity. In terms of policy our 

Page 25:
“Sustainability is a must for any 
company wanting to position itself for 
the future. so ciety and company 
stakeholders are calling for solutions 
that take into account the scarcity of 
resources and the environmental 
impact, and VolkerWessels is well 
placed to respond to this.”
Sietze Hepkema
Member of the VolkerWessels Supervisory Board ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE
25
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
responsibility for the policy and for achieving the 
targets. The CSR department supports, coordinates and 
facilitates the implementation of the sustainability 
policy by the companies and reports to the platform and 
the Management board.
st arting this year our companies in Germany and north 
am erica will also be included in our sustainability 
reporting. before the IPO these activities were separate. 
During the past year we have done a great deal of work 
to analyse existing processes, to catalogue data and set 
up a new reporting process. This is part of getting our 
house in order. In previous reports we already reported 
on the performances of our companies in the United 
Kingdom. In the International section of this report we 
give a description of sustainability for our international 
operations and explain the performance for the past 
year.
organisation is set up in such a way that we set 
performance targets for our companies based on the 
command and control principle. This means that the 
targets and frameworks are imposed by the 
Management board (command) and that KPIs are set to 
achieve them (control). 
The results are expressed in terms of KPI s like waste 
separation rate, incident frequency (IF ) rate, CO₂ 
emissions of our vehicles, percentage of zero-energy bill 
homes and PSO  score for social return. The balanced 
scorecard for the Management board includes the 
aforementioned KPI s for the RCF. 
The CSR  (co rporate social Responsibility) Platform is the 
central decision-making body in the area of 
sustainability. The platform is comprised of the chair of 
the Management board and board members from all our 
divisions. The Management board bears ultimate 
Looking ahead: 2020 is around the corner…
The target year for our sustainability targets is 2020, 
which is just around the corner. During the past year, 
preparatory work has taken place on new targets for 
2025. The targets will be linked to the six focal points 
and three pillars of quality of life. These targets will be 
finalised during the coming year, with the support of our 
companies.
External Review Committee
How do you get the organisation moving in a sustainable 
direction? our external Review committee was 
established to help with this, this time for the fifth year 
in a row. We conducted a critical dialogue over a period 
of a month, with three independent experts attached to 
Het Groene brein, a foundation that brings together 
science and business in the interests of sustainable 
enterprise. The composition of the committee changes 
each year. 
The contributions made by the members of the council 
are hugely valuable. Whey examine our policy based on 
their own areas of expertise. We have given thought to 
some of these topics, but less thought to others. 
The ex ternal Review committee helps us to focus and 
provides us with guidance for improving our policy. 
This year the key question focussed on making our 
approach to quality of life more tangible: how do you 
introduce sustainability at every level of the 
organisation (Management board, boards of the 
companies, projects and employees) and what is needed 
to achieve that? The key findings were:
   More targeted choices: what should be done, 
and what not?
   as sess projects in terms of the quality of life 
benchmark
   ac tivate management to tell the story

Page 26:
There is a clear role
here for the top
of the organisation
26VolkerWessels sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
External Review Committee
KAREN MAAS 
Karen Maas, Academic director of the Erasmus Impact 
Centre, Erasmus University Rotterdam  
VolkerWessels has a really great ambition: to deliver a 
positive impact on quality of life. It is clear that there is 
plenty of energy to make this happen and also that many 
initiatives and activities are already in place that will 
help achieve this. contributing to quality of life is an 
important topic and an attractive one. broad enough to 
encompass many different things, specific enough to 
appeal. This is the strength of VolkerWessels, but at the 
same time also its great challenge. 
because what exactly does VolkerWessels understand 
under quality of life? How can they contribute to quality 
of life? Why would VolkerWessels make private invest-
ments in order to create social value? In what way does 
this strengthen the business model and the organi-
sation? In short, why does VolkerWessels want to 
contribute to quality of life? This story needs to be 
crystal clear and rock solid.
There is a clear role here for the top of the organisation. 
Members of the Management board, the company 
directors and the managers all need to be able to get 
this story across effectively. This does not mean that a 
standard story should be developed for everyone to 
learn by heart. no, quite the opposite. Top managers 
need to be able to explain the story in their own words, 
based on their own context and using their own 
examples. This will bring the story to life and make it 
understandable and engaging for employees and stake-
holders. create knowledge and competence, involve 
employees and encourage healthy internal competition. 
only then will it be possible to make the change from 
reactive to proactive and from ambition to impact.
Make sure your story is rock solid

Page 27:
organise systematic 
evaluation of 
user experiences
27VolkerWessels sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
WIM PULLEN 
Wim Pullen, Director of the Center for People and 
Buildings, Delft University of Technology
Quality of life is a complex term, as readers of 
successive VolkerWessels sustainability reports will 
know. There are three pillars: health, natural 
environment, and work and enterprise activities.
Quality of life affects anyone who buys a VolkerWessels 
home, people who use an office or hospital, but also 
anyone who drives on roads or roundabouts – or any 
other part of the infrastructure – built by Volker-
Wessels. Health affects all of us, including those who 
are not clients of VolkerWessels.
This makes it all the more surprising that VolkerWessels 
only engages in dialogue with end users on this topic 
once a year. Health needs to be taken seriously. 
you would expect a large company to want to know 
every last detail about the effects of its construction 
activities. after all, quality of life for the person living in 
a VolkerWessels home only starts when they are handed 
the key to their new home. Just one user dialogue a year 
is in stark contrast with the wealth of knowledge and 
experience that VolkerWessels can glean if users and 
residents are willing to share these. VolkerWessels does 
not need to hold more frequent dialogue if it instead 
carries out a systematic evaluation of user experiences: 
detailed experiences of both the product and how it 
was created are important, and experiences after three 
months are different from after two or five years. 
obviously there are costs involved in setting up such an 
evaluation system, but there is plenty of young talent in 
the VolkerWessels group to make a start. This talent is 
the management of the future. If the Management 
board and their directors give them the chance now, 
then we needn’t have any worries about learning 
potential in the construction sector.
If a home has defects it would be nice if VolkerWessels 
could put these right from a goodwill perspective, 
without the consumer succumbing to the preconception 
about the construction sector (“they make money by 
charging everything as extra work”).
organised aftercare of this type is dependent on a 
relationship being built with buyers/end users: the 
customary guidance for the buyer can easily be 
extended in the form of attentive care for residents.
The management of VolkerWessels can only take itself 
seriously if it is listening to the end user.
Gather insights into what people value about ‘pleasant living’

Page 28:
Dare to be as strict 
on quality of life 
as on financial returns 
28VolkerWessels sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels
RUBEN VRIJHOEF
Ruben Vrijhoef, Lecturer at the hu  University of 
Applied Sciences Utrecht, Researcher at the 
Knowledge. Centre for Process Innovation ( CPI) in 
Building and Construction, Delft University of 
Technology
There is no better way for a construction company to 
show it is building a better quality of life, than in 
building projects on which so many employees work 
every day to contribute to the built environment. 
More than ever before society is making high demands 
in terms of a healthy environment, social responsibility 
and care for the planet and nature. 
This is urgent and requires immediate action, in projects 
with employees. strategy needs to be translated into 
action with an impact and a demonstrable result. 
How can the company see to it that every project and 
every employee is focused on quality of life? 
It starts with a statement: We only do projects that 
contribute to quality of life. Take a strict line on this and 
dare to be as strict on quality of life as on financial 
returns. educate clients and engage with them about 
the opportunities that projects offer to contribute to 
quality of life. set tangible demonstrable targets for 
how each project will make a measurable and workable 
contribution to quality of life. 
social demonstrability and visibility are even more 
important than measurability. Interact and engage with 
a project’s local community. How? Give projects, teams 
and employees the tools and budget they need to take 
action. Get them together and allow them to inspire 
each other by sharing successes and experiences. 
Provide a platform and give them positive attention and 
appreciation. broadcast the results and initiate the 
learning curve from project to project. be open to 
acknowledgement but also to criticism from the 
community, experts and social organisations.
bring it all together in an iconic project for the company 
that encompasses every aspect of quality of life. 
Make that your main priority and hold it up as an 
example to others. Make it the focus of your invest-
ments in knowledge and people, and get partners and 
knowledge institutes involved. This will allow quality of 
life to become part of the DNA of employees and 
projects.
support employees with clear tools for quality of life

Page 29:
 3 0  Health
  32 safety
 3 7  natural environment
  39 Resources
  46 CO2 and energy
  51 biodiversity
 5 3  Work and social activities
  55 employment
  60 community engagement
  64 Integrity
Sustainability topics

Page 30:
Gezondheid
30
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
“Adi tem non rat. Sam volorro  autatur?  
Qui di occulpa simus. It quo eatiaer  dempor 
ecum eosande litestia  
olupirro reperit autaturdi occulpa lupirro 
simus.It quo eatiaerrore ”
“e v ery day we are involved in building  
the living environment . In developing  
new concepts we also focus  
on the topic of health. ”
Health
The WonderWoods project in Utrecht’s central station area comprises a pair of tower blocks with 
a height of 70 and 90 metres providing space for living, working, relaxation and recreation.

Page 31:
Gezondheid
31
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
Health
VolkerWessels wants to contribute 
to a healthy built environment. 
e ve ry day we are involved in building the living environment. 
We are therefore committed to research into healthy design 
and developing new building concepts aimed at health.
We believe that a sustainable building should always 
also be a healthy building, and that health should 
become an obvious quality aspect in realising our 
projects. We know that the indoor environment of a 
building impacts on our health, with factors such as 
light, air, space, comfort and materials all playing a part. 
b y t aking these factors into account when designing a 
building, we can achieve a higher standard for health in 
buildings.
Healthy building materials
How do we build with health in mind? a t VolkerWessels 
we first of all look at the core of our activities: the 
materials we build with. We are continuing to broaden 
our knowledge about healthy building materials. 
f o r some existing materials there are healthier 
alternatives. Wood, for example, regulates damp, 
provides insulation and has a proven positive effect on 
people’s mental health. f urthermore it is a renewable 
resource which can be used as a sustainable alternative 
a  school building under construction in 
a m sterdam- n oord consisting of 34 wooden 
modules. a  unique project since one of the 
requirements is that the building must be 
movable (see also page 42).
for materials such as concrete. We are using increasing 
amounts of wood, for example in the standard housing 
modules of f inch b uildings.  
There are various studies that show that nature also has 
a positive effect on people’s health. b eing able to look 
out on natural features is generally felt to be positive. 
n a ture has a soothing effect on people. We are getting 
better all the time at translating this into our designs. 

Page 32:
32
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
ou r safety policy is aimed at the working culture. 
In practice this means that we make sure that we have 
enough trained people with an excellent understanding 
of safety management. We apply clear rules on the 
building site and make efforts to ensure that they are 
enforced. We raise awareness of the topic with our 
WAVE (Wees al ert! Veiligheid eerst! – be alert! safety 
fi rst!) safety programme and the annual safety Day.  
Tightening our policy 
During the recent period we have done a lot of thinking 
about our safety policy, because we believe our safety 
performance needs to improve, both as a company and 
as a sector. over the past year we have therefore taken 
steps to make our safety policy more tangible. The main 
action points are:  
1.  More site visits by the management 
2.  en forcement: safety is not optional
3.  be tter insight into the causes of accidents and near 
misses
4.  The sa fety ladder as a tool for culture change
Site visits by management
Visible leadership and dialogue with construction site 
workers about safety can and must improve. a new 
element in our policy is that statutory directors must 
perform at least 8 site visits a year, putting the total 
number of visits at over 500. This will make the core 
value of safety more visible for the construction site 
Targets for 2020
   IF-rate of 3.5
   al l companies at level 3 on the safety ladder 
   Reinforce the safety culture
   fu rther rollout of central registration of accidents
   Involve subcontractors in WAVE
   WAVE and sa men slimmer bouwen (‘building 
sm arter Together’) as mutually reinforcing 
programmes
   ac tive cooperation to develop products arising 
from the safety in construction Governance code
 
Culture in the very fibres 
Working on safety requires constant attention. at the 
drawing board, at the building site, during transport 
and at the office. We launch initiatives throughout the 
year to raise safety awareness among our employees. 
We have clear WAVE values and rules. It would be good if 
we could actively remind each other of them more 
frequently, so as to make sure we all stick to them. 
fo cus and alertness are needed when changes are made 
to the order of work or to working methods. Prevention 
is key, and so a Health & safety Plan is drawn up prior to 
a project. Two important elements in such a plan are the 
risk inventory and evaluation. These are different for 
each project. If the work changes or is very different 
from the norm a Task Risk assessment ( TRA ) will be 
made. 
Health – sa fety
Safety is not optional at VolkerWessels
ob viously, we need to talk about working safely, but above all we need to 
do it. We make no concessions when it comes to safety. Working safely 
should be the norm: second nature, automatic.  
workers. a special questionnaire has been developed 
for these inspections and has been included in the WAVE  
app, so that the findings of the visits can be recorded.
Safety is not optional
ac countability and agreements are the two key topics 
that need to become an integral part of our safety 
culture. 
We have various ways of rewarding our employees for 
excellent behaviour, including the (metaphorical) pat on 
the back but also for example by nominating them as 
safety employee of the week. 
bu t more important is that safety can never be 
‘optional’. and so we always confront our employees if 
they consciously or unconsciously break a clear 
guideline or rule. The sanctions policy is crucial in this 
respect: if the confrontation does not produce the 
desired result, the responsible safety official is obliged 
to resort to sanctions.

Page 33:
We want more insight 
into why accidents 
happen
33
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
the major training programme launched for the Health & 
sa fety co ordinators at the construction and Real estate 
Development segment. The course focusses on safety 
on and around the construction site, and was developed 
as a result of accident analysis showing the need for 
improvement in Health & safety coordination. 
The course was launched in the autumn of 2018 and is 
being given with around 300 employees participating. 
In addition, we collaborate with the safety in 
co nstruction Governance code to formulate principles 
to promote constructive safety.
In 2018 we also launched the conscious safe leadership 
course aimed at project leaders, foremen and work 
Training 
In 2018 the decision was made to train 15 colleagues to 
perform audits. Monitoring our performance is at least 
as important as having clear rules, because we can use 
the resulting insights to steer a tighter course. 
In addition to this central training programme, which 
will be launched in 2019, the initiatives for many 
programmes come from our own companies. 
The sa fety in construction Governance code is aimed at 
implementing legislation relating to construction. 
The recommendations of the Dutch safety board report 
‘bo uwen aan constructieve veiligheid’ (‘building 
constructive safety’) will be implemented within the 
organisation wherever possible, for example through 
planners. We want to provide this course to no fewer 
than 1,300 employees in 2019. 
VolkerWessels employs several WAVE  coaches who 
engage with employees to find out why someone is 
working unsafely. The coach then works with employees 
to find a solution to the situation. It is the task of the 
WAVE coach to make employees aware of their 
responsibilities and the consequences of their actions. 
fi nally the WAVE coach helps the board gain an insight 
into the employee mindset when it comes to safety.
no t all construction work is the same. sometimes a 
project calls for project-specific training, for instance if 
the work is highly specialised. Take for example our rail 
company. During the work to repair and reinforce the 
Haringvliet bridge workers were working around 15 
metres up in the air and in a very small space. In such 
situations, it is important to know the procedure if a 
worker becomes unwell. We have trained our people so 
that they know what to do in the event of this happening.
360-degree visibility policy 
In 2018 we implemented new 360-degree visibility 
policy and rolled it out across all our companies and 
suppliers. This was done in accordance with the 
occupational hygiene strategy: where moving vehicles 
are involved, we try to keep people and machinery 
separate wherever we can when arranging the building 
Safety values
Core value
Safety I work safely or not at all
Values
Consistency sa fety is part of everything we do
Responsibility I am responsible for my own safety  
and that of others
Willingness  
to learn
I want to learn from accidents and  
near misses
Openness I alert others to unsafe behaviour  
and safety issues
Safety rules
Use the right personal protection 
equipment (PPE)
Make sure the building site is safely 
cordoned off
Use the correct (approved) equipment  
and tools
Keep the workplace tidy
Perform an LMRA (la st-Minute Risk 
an alysis)
Do not work or drive under the influence  
of alcohol and/or drugs
Do not smoke outside the designated 
areas


Page 34:
34
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
fitted nearly all its wheeled vehicles, including the 
buses, with cameras and high-visibility marking.
Better insight into the causes of accidents 
It is helpful for everyone to be aware of when accidents 
are most likely to happen. That way we can limit the 
risks. We want to have a better understanding of why 
accidents happen.
Accident investigation 
si nce 2016 any serious accident is subject to an in-depth 
investigation by investigation teams from the 
companies, as well as investigation specialists from 
VolkerWessels. a total of 10 such investigations were 
performed in 2018. fatal accidents and serious 
accidents resulting in sick leave must be reported to the 
Inspectorate of the ministry of social affairs and 
em ployment ( SZW ). su ch investigations are carried out 
by our central accident investigation team based on the 
Tripod method (see inset). The investigation team 
site. We also apply the ‘If you can see me, I can see you’ 
principle, which means that colleagues let each other 
know where they are in relation to one another while 
carrying out the work.
When operating machinery, people often have limited 
visibility, for example because they are positioned high 
up. The new 360-degree visibility policy along with 
vehicle reversing alarms and cameras will improve the 
situation. The policy and associated rules came into 
force on 1 January 2019. 
 
fi nally, high-visibility clothing must be worn on all 
building sites. Radio ear protectors have been banned. 
These measures drastically reduce the risk of collision 
and are enforced by including these items in the audits 
and workplace inspections. suppliers listed in the 
procurement contracts must also comply with this 
requirement. our own equipment supply company has 
provides support to the company where the accident 
happened. The findings of these investigations are 
leading for our policy (see ‘ culture in the very fibres’, 
pp. 32 and 33). less serious accidents are always 
investigated by the company’s quality, health & safety 
and environment department using the 5 Why method.
   an i nvestigation starts with a 24-hour report in 
which we record what happened.
   st ep two is to prepare an investigation plan, 
setting out the members of the investigation 
team, the investigation questions, a schedule and 
interviews to be held. 
   on ce this is clear, the plan is carried out: we 
conduct interviews and analyse all the infor -
mation. 
   We write a brief report on the results of the inves -
tigation, with an analysis and conclusions. 
   We provide feedback in person on th e outcome of 
the investigation to those involved and to the 
board. During the feedback session we work 
together to formulate recommendations. 
   The recommendations are submitted to the 
sa fety Platform.
Reporting and monitoring 
It is important that we are kept well-informed about 
unsafe situations and accidents and near misses. 
The WAVE app gives us more insight into accidents and 
areas for improvement in terms of working safely. 
We expect to be able to carry out more analyses based 
on the data gathered. The application has been 
significantly upgraded over the past few years, 
for example to make it more user-friendly. 
In order to improve reporting we decided to make some 
major modifications to the WAVE  app. The most 
“We cannot allow ourselves to wait  
any longer to clean up God’s creation 
and make it more beautiful. It is the 
responsibility of all of us . si tting back 
and waiting passively for new 
innovations is not an option. Taking 
positive action paves the way for new 
technologies, which we thus help to set 
in motion.”
Brother Isaac
Prior of the Onze Lieve Vrouw van Koningshoeve abbey
 ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 35:
/one.tf/zero.tf
/five.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
/zero.tf
/i.sc/f.sc /r.sc/a.sc/t.sc/e.sc*
/five.tf./two.tf/five.tf./one.tf/five.tf./five.tf /five.tf./three.tf/four.tf./six.tf
* KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
35
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
important change concerns better classification of 
accidents. Previously, accidents were often wrongly 
identified as lost-time injuries despite alternative work 
being available. a second, much larger change is that 
accidents are analysed based on the 11 basic risk factors. 
ex amples include unsuitable physical circumstances and 
other influences (stress, tiredness), and poor-quality 
tools or materials. The same applies to the reporting of 
unsafe actions or situations. finally, in 2019 a dashboard 
will be developed for monitoring the main KPI s. This will 
provide additional information as input for the existing 
reporting and management cycle at VolkerWessels.
Safety Ladder
fo r VolkerWessels the safety ladder is the perfect tool 
to ensure a strong safety culture. The tool is based on 
the hearts & minds principle, meaning that safety 
should be an integral part of everything you do. 
The sa fety ladder has five levels. our objective is for all 
VolkerWessels companies to have reached level 3 by 
2020. le vel 3 represents ‘calculating: we have the 
system in place.’ some companies have already reached 
level 3 or 4. Meeting this objective will help us achieve 
our most important target: an IF rate of 3.5 in 2020.
Injury Frequency ( IF) rate in 2018
ou r performance in the area of safety is expressed by 
our KPI for injury frequency or IF  rate. This is the number 
of occupational accidents resulting in sick leave 
multiplied by one million (hours) divided by the number 
of hours worked. In 2018 there were a total of 116 
accidents resulting in sick leave, leading to an IF rate of 
4.6. This means that our target of an IF  rate of 4.7 in 
2018 was met. It was also lower than the 5.3 recorded in 
2017 and we are pleased to report that this represents a 
historical low. analysis of the accidents resulting in sick 
leave shows that tripping, slipping and stumbling are 
the most common types of accident in all segments. 
In 2019 all these accidents will be analysed in more 
detail and addressed in initiatives across the 
VolkerWessels group.
There is still too much difference in the level of safety 
awareness between various companies, with some 
differences being quite sizeable. In view of this we are 
switching from quarterly to monthly reporting in 2019. 
This will give a monthly impuls to boost safety 
awareness.
Safety in the chain
ou r own group-wide safety Day is a perfect 
opportunity to engage with partners in the supply chain 
on the subject of safety. The third edition was held last 
year. The group behind the safety in construction 
Governance code took the initiative to organise an 
annual day centred on the theme of safety. every year 
on the third friday in March we discuss safety with all 
partners in the value chain at our building sites. 
fo r one day we made sure that the whole of 
VolkerWessels netherlands was focused on safety. 
an d not by reciting new rules but by discussing safety 
together and playing a game. The theme of last year’s 
st aff play our very own board game during  
the sa fety Day: The Road to safety.

Page 36:
36
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
sa fety Day was be aware while you play, safety is a 
must! Will you stand for safety? 
The generic site safety instructions ( GPI) are an 
important outcome of the collaboration with supply 
chain partners. This involves safety checks at the 
entrance to building sites. by april 2019 all site workers 
must be aware of this set of instructions, ensuring 
uniform levels of knowledge across the construction 
sector. VolkerWessels is one of the initiators.
The sa fety ladder helps us to implement our policy 
towards our subcontractors consistently. our objective 
is for the whole of VolkerWessels to have reached level 
3 by 2020. from this level upwards a company must 
treat subcontractors and hired employees in the same 
way as its own employees. This means that they are 
included in inspections and attend toolbox courses. 
su bcontractors are regularly audited under this 
certification. 
When selecting a new supplier or subcontractor we ask 
them a number of health and safety-related questions, 
for example about their IF rate. 
an other way in which we communicate our policy to 
subcontractors is by means of supplier days, which most 
of our companies already organise on an annual basis.
Responsibilities
The VolkerWessels safety Platform is responsible for 
developing the safety policy and monitoring our 
companies’ safety performance. The safety Platform is 
being chaired by the chairman of the Management 
bo ard and reports to and advises the Management 
bo ard.
The sa fety Platform orders accident investigations, 
decides whether to send out a WAVE  alert and 
determines which improvement measures need to be 
implemented based on the findings of the accident 
investigations. In addition the Platform is responsible 
for the everyday implementation of the WAVE safety 
programme. safety is a factor in the remuneration of 
the management and members of the boards. 
Highlights of 2018 
   sa fety policy made more specific
   VolkerWessels safety Day 
   15 prevention employees trained to perform 
audits
   st art of training programme for Health & safety 
coordinators for construction and Real estate 
Development
Challenges in 2018
   be haviour change: accountability and agreements
   la rge differences in safety awareness at 
companies
Action items for 2019
   Major overhaul of the WAVE  app
   Improved monthly management reporting
   saf ety ladder certification
em ployees took an interactive approach to discussing safety 
during the safety Day. Real-life examples, facts and figures, 
dilemmas and safety behaviour: all were given attention.

Page 37:
Gezondheid
37
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
Natural environment
“b y  developing effective  
 sustainable alternatives we can make  
a positive contribution to the transition   
to a climate-neutral, circular  
construction sector. ”
High water levels in the River IJssel pose a flood threat to the cities of Zwolle and Kampen and their 
hinterland. In order to be able to continue to guarantee flood protection in this area we are 
lowering the summer bed of the IJ ssel and realising a new side branch, the Reevediep.

Page 38:
Gezondheid
38
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
Natural environment
Interior view of the b iomakerij greenhouse. 
Tropical plants and microorganisms are used to 
purify the wastewater. 
In a circular system, materials never degenerate into 
waste, but instead circulate in a never-ending cycle. 
This means that (parts of) our products are designed so 
as to allow for high-level recycling or re-use. In the ideal 
circular world the technical cycle is smaller than the 
biological cycle; this is a crucial notion in our view. 
Try it out
We are already moving in the right direction – as a 
co-initiator and developer of the Madaster material 
passport, with our experience in circular design, and by 
applying our ever-expanding knowledge of health-
promoting and natural materials. 
a  wonderful project we developed in collaboration with 
the De Dommel water board and Hungarian firm 
b i opolus is the b iomakerij at the Trappist abbey 
Koningshoeven in b erkel- e nschot. b uilding work 
started in January and the first circular water 
purification plant of the n etherlands opened in 
o c tober. It uses a greenhouse of tropical plants to 
purify the wastewater from the abbey’s brewery, which 
amounts to around one million cubic metres a year. 
The water is reused to irrigate the abbey’s land, 
to water plants in the nursery and to rinse beer bottles. 
The b i omakerij was delivered with a material passport. 
The project won the Water Innovation a w ard 2018 from 
leading Dutch construction magazine c obouw.
Steadily gaining experience in 
circular construction
We must learn to make more use of biobased and secondary 
materials in construction. This means making changes to 
processes and business cases.

Page 39:
39
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
ou r resource policy is focused on the following areas: 
1.  Circular design strategies:  we view our projects as 
resources banks and have considerable influence in 
the design phase 
2.  Madaster material passport: giving building 
materials an identity to ensure information remains 
available 
3.  Good waste management:  increasing the waste 
separation rate
Experience in circular construction  
by n ow we have gained considerable experience in the 
development of sustainable housing and infrastructure 
concepts and the sustainable use of materials. examples 
of circular construction projects include fokker 
lo gistics Park, the alliander office in Duiven, 
the MorgenWonen and ZuiverWonen housing concepts 
and the ci rcular Viaduct developed in collaboration 
with the Dutch department of public works. In 2018 we 
brought together our real estate developers, 
contractors, experts and architects to start developing 
a new circular and healthy housing concept. 
Targets for 2020
   Raise percentage of waste separated to 100% 
high-grade use
   co mplete reuse in high-grade applications:  
97% recycling
   25% reduction in waste for disposal for each euro 
of revenue
   Reduction in procurement of resources:
   25% reduction in primary timber procured
   25% reduction in steel procured
   25% reduction in concrete procured 
   10% reduction in asphalt raw materials 
procured 
   100% sustainable timber procurement
  
Circular bike path 
a great example of a circular solution is the circular bike 
path we built in the Dutch city of Zwolle last year. after 
years of development the inauguration of the world’s 
first PlasticRoad was a real highlight. The concept uses 
recycled material and consists of prefabricated 
elements.
The 30-metre pilot stretch of bike path is made of 
recycled plastic and consists of separate, hollow 
elements that not only allow room for cables and pipes, 
but also have a function in collecting and disposing of 
rainwater. at the end of their function, the elements can 
be taken apart and used to produce new elements. 
The PlasticRoad project involves innovative supply chain 
cooperation between Wavin, Total and VolkerWessels. 
In the autumn we also installed a second stretch of 
PlasticRoad bike path in the town of Giethoorn. 
Circular construction means experimenting
In collaboration with prefab builder consolis spanbeton 
and the Dutch department of public works we built the 
first ci rcular Viaduct in the netherlands. The viaduct 
was built near Kampen, where it will be used and tested 
by construction transport vehicles involved in the 
construction of the Reevesluis lock. In this project we 
are experimenting with new techniques, as well as 
putting a new form of collaboration into practice, 
for example working together closely with the supplier 
in order to create the right modular construction. 
We are also sharing the knowledge gleaned from the 
project with other parties that want to contribute to the 
development of circular construction. following an 
initial test phase, the minister of Infrastructure and 
Water Management will inaugurate the viaduct in the 
first half of 2019.
Natural environment – Resources
Building a circular construction sector
Things need to change in the construction sector. The market appears to 
be preparing itself for a circular building sector. We are increasingly being 
asked about circular solutions and note an increasing willingness on the 
part of our clients to invest in circularity.  

Page 40:
40
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
The viaduct is circular because the concrete elements 
used to build it can be fully dismantled and reused at a 
new location. This means no waste, no new materials 
and top-level recycling of used materials.  
Reducing the use of primary resources
If we want to achieve closed cycles of resources we 
need to be aware that resources are more than just the 
building materials we end up using. Water is a resource, 
energy can only be generated from resources and we 
also rely on resources to transport materials. We focus 
on the whole lifecycle of the materials we use in order to 
reduce the use of new primary resources by promoting 
reuse and recycling. Where we do use new primary 
resources, our aim is to reuse or recycle them at the end 
of their function.
VolkerWessels signs national concrete agreement 
The concrete supply chain is a decisive factor in 
increasing sustainability, given that it is one of the 
largest sectors involved in creating the built 
environment.
on 1 0 July 2018 we joined some 50 other major players 
to sign the national concrete agreement. The main aim 
of the agreement is to achieve a substantial reduction of 
carbon emissions, along with joint efforts to make the 
concrete supply chain circular. at present concrete 
recycling is still often low-quality, with concrete being 
broken up and used as foundation material. 
fu ll concrete recycling will require the recovery of 
cement, and all the materials to be reused for the 
production of concrete. This is the technical challenge 
we are facing. It is also worth noting that a number of 
important partners in the supply chain did not sign the 
agreement. successful greening of the concrete supply 
chain depends on the whole supply chain making the 
change.
“ci rcularity at VolkerWessels  
will only work if there is bottom-up  
and top-down enthusiasm at the same 
time . I am confident that  
this will be achieved!”
Elphi Nelissen
Professor and Chair of Building Sustainability at Eindhoven 
University of Technology
co nstruction of the first circular viaduct.
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 41:
A m Ill ION  PlASTIC  CAPS  
We are proud that VolkerWessels, Wavin, Total, the 
province of Overijssel and the city of Zwolle joined forces 
this year to install the first two PlasticRoad pilots in the 
world. This is our way of trying to make cities and villages 
climate-proof, circular and settlement-proof while causing 
the minimum of nuisance to the surrounding environment. 
We do so by making use of the plastic waste we already 
produce. These two pilots alone have enabled us give a 
second life to 2 tonnes of plastic waste (equivalent to a 
million plastic caps)!  
 
A result we can all be really proud of.
41
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
ex amples of projects in which we used less (primary) 
concrete include Paleis Het loo, the Reevesluis lock and 
the recycling of concrete during maintenance work on 
tram rails in amsterdam.
In the ongoing project to renovate Paleis Het loo we are 
responsible for the underground expansion of the 
museum. The underwater concrete floor we have laid 
there is twice as thin as usual, saving a considerable 
amount of concrete. 
In 2018 work started on building the new Reevesluis lock 
in the Drontermeer lake. The chosen building method 
needs substantially less concrete because the lock is not 
underpinned by piles. The walls of the lock will be made 
of steel and recycled concrete will also be used. 
The control building will be fully circular. 
Recycled concrete can be used in maintenance and 
renovation as well as in new construction. for example 
in am sterdam we applied concrete recycling during 
maintenance work on the tram rails. as of this year the 
top layer of the concrete for the tram rails contains 30% 
recycled concrete. That represents a 30% reduction in 
the use of primary resources.
There was a 6% decline in the amount of secondary 
materials used in concrete products. This was due to a 
second VolkerWessels concrete processer being added 
to the scope for this figure. This company performs 
more specialist activities (concrete road construction), 
which require specific concrete characteristics 
necessary to extend the overall technical lifespan. 
This limits recycling options. looking at just the 
activities of Van Hattum en blankevoort, which was the 
basis for this figure in previous years, there was a 
decline of 4% compared to 2017.
/one.tf/five.tf
/seven.tf,/five.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf
/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf
/five.tf/one.tf/zero.tf/four.tf
/r.sc/e.sc/u.sc/s.sc/e.sc /o.sc/f.sc /s.sc/e.sc/c.sc/u.sc/n.sc/d.sc/a.sc/r.sc/y.sc /m.sc/a.sc/t.sc/e.sc/r.sc/i.sc/a.sc/l.sc/s.sc /i.sc/n.sc /c.sc/o.sc/n.sc/c.sc/r.sc/e.sc/t.sc/e.sc /p.sc/r.sc/o.sc/d.sc/u.sc/c.sc/t.sc/s.sc/one.numr
In percentages
/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/five.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf*
/zero.tf
/r.sc/e.sc/u.sc/s.sc/e.sc /o.sc/f.sc /a.sc/s.sc/p.sc/h.sc/a.sc/l.sc/t.sc /g.sc/r.sc/a.sc/n.sc/u.sc/l.sc/a.sc/t.sc/e.sc /i.sc/n.sc /a.sc/s.sc/p.sc/h.sc/a.sc/l.sc/t.sc /p.sc/r.sc/o.sc/d.sc/u.sc/c.sc/t.sc/s.sc
In percentages
/three.tf/seven.tf /three.tf/nine.tf /four.tf/one.tf /four.tf/one.tf /four.tf/one.tf
1 co ncerns part of the activities of Van Hattum en blankevoort and BKB Infra, for further details 
refer to the section ‘ about this report’
HIGHLIGHTED
* KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
* KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 42:
42
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Asphalt with a smaller negative impact
Producing and laying new asphalt causes pollution. 
The production of asphalt involves high energy 
consumption as well as substantial amounts of primary 
resources. Which is why we want to keep working to 
make asphalt more sustainable in the coming years. 
We are already taking steps in the right direction, 
particularly in terms of investing in sustainable asphalt 
mixes which contain a higher proportion of secondary 
asphalt.
an e xample of a more sustainable asphalt mix is one that 
contains cellulose, an essential ingredient for producing 
asphalt. This cellulose is derived from toilet paper that 
ends up in treatment plants. normally the cellulose is 
incinerated. We were the first to use a special technique 
to enable this cellulose to be recycled and processed 
into noise-reducing asphalt.
In st eenbergen we were contracted to renovate a ring 
road. Instead of the usual procedure of applying a 
surface layer of asphalt on top of an asphalt 
reinforcement grid we used an interlayer of flexible 
asphalt. This Konwéflex asphalt bends with the forces in 
the underlying layer of concrete and avoids – as is the 
case with regular asphalt reinforcement – the risk of 
cracking. This is a much more sustainable solution for 
the future because this type of asphalt is much easier to 
recycle. To test the difference between asphalt 
reinforcement and Konwéflex in practice both materials 
were used in different sections of the road. Konwéflex 
was applied to the busiest section: a challenge we were 
confident to take.
The percentage of asphalt granulate in asphalt has 
remained stable in recent years. The measures we have 
taken to increase this percentage – for example 
modifying various asphalt plants to enable them to 
produce more sustainable asphalt mixtures – are not yet 
reflected in the figures. In addition it is not yet always 
possible to use our more sustainable asphalt mixtures on 
the projects. This is due to some clients setting a 
maximum recycling percentage for asphalt mixtures 
which we cannot exceed, and is also influenced by the 
type of projects we are involved in currently.
Building with timber
Timber is an important resource in the drive towards a 
more sustainable construction sector. Timber is the 
sustainable alternative to concrete in building 
construction. large projects featuring hybrid buildings 
consisting of a wooden structure with a concrete core 
are increasingly common. It goes without saying that 
the timber must be certified as sustainable and thus 
come from managed forests.
We are a partner of FSC  ne derland and aim to exclusively 
use sustainable timber. In 2018 we achieved second 
place in the Dutch forest 50 ranking of companies that 
purchase and use sustainable timber. We have been in 
the top three for several years now.
In 2018 we developed the biggest solid wood building in 
the ne therlands to date: a residential block comprising 
62 apartments. construction work on the building in 
Monnickendam, just north of amsterdam, 
will commence in 2019. The project is unique in that the 
entire structure is made of wood.
During the year under review we also built a school 
building consisting of 34 wooden modules. a unique 
project, because the building needed to be movable 
whilst providing multi-functional accommodation of 
lasting quality. This is because the school building will 
need to be moved at least once before the final plot 
becomes available. a circular design is crucial to the 
movability of the building. and so the steel foundation 
piles are leased, the modules are demountable and less 
material has been used compared to solid structures. 
The modules are easy to assemble and allow for modules 
to be added on, making it easy for primary school Klein 
“Working with VolkerWessels to 
create a greener world. Increasing the 
use of FSC timber in a building 
considerably reduces its carbon 
footprint and enhances quality of life. 
The use of sustainable timber 
contributes to the protection of the 
world’s forests.”
Liesbeth Gort
Director of FSC  Nederland
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 43:
43
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
/one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/u.sc/s.sc/e.sc /o.sc/f.sc /s.sc/u.sc/s.sc/t.sc/a.sc/i.sc/n.sc/a.sc/b.sc/l.sc/e.sc /t.sc/i.sc/m.sc/b.sc/e.sc/r.sc 
In percentages
/nine.tf/two.tf /nine.tf/seven.tf /one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf/nine.tf/six.tf/nine.tf/seven.tf /one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
Ta rget
Us e of sustainable timber
am sterdam, which opens its doors in January 2019, 
to respond to future growth and contraction. 
Giving materials an identity 
fo r some years now we have been involved in the 
development of a new independent method of 
providing insight into the circularity of building 
projects. This method is the Madaster material 
passport. a building’s material passport records which 
materials were used in its construction and how they 
have been applied. This makes it much easier to reuse 
and recover materials when the building is demolished 
or dismantled. because the materials remain traceable it 
is easier to determine the residual value of the property 
beforehand. 
In the past year we worked hard to make the added 
value of material passports and circular design 
principles clearly visible and to make a direct link to 
business. In february we organised a large gathering at 
which clients and relations learned about the usefulness 
and necessity of using the Madaster material passport 
in the construction and infrastructure sector. 
In oc tober we organised the ‘ because Material Matters’ 
event, which attracted a large number of young 
professionals and entrepreneurs. 
a number of VolkerWessels projects are already on the 
Madaster register. a project added to the register this 
year was the distribution centre for eosta, a distributor 
of organic fruit and vegetables. a material passport was 
issued with the materials used for the base building and 
the fit-out. We also did a trial run on registering an 
asphalt road in Madaster.
Up to the spring of 2018 we completed 1,000 
MorgenWoning homes, which are almost completely 
industrially manufactured. That means we stored 
around 189,000 tonnes of registered building materials 
Thomas Rau addresses the audience at the ‘ because Material Matters’ event held in october.

Page 44:
44
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
in a ‘materials bank’ of 1,000 homes. These materials can 
be released in the future and used again.
Development of uniform methods for measuring 
circularity
If we want to achieve closed cycles of resources we will 
need to change not only the materials and the products 
but also the construction processes. This calls for a 
sector-wide framework, standardisation of the data in 
material passports and a transparent and defined way 
of measuring circularity.  
To this end we have joined the Platform CB ’23 initiative 
of the Dutch department of public works and the 
ce ntral Government Real estate agency together with 
De bo uwcampus and NEN. We provide input for all three 
action teams with the aim of developing transparent 
regulations that will provide the construction sector 
with advanced and measurable means of implementing 
circularity and sustainability in future projects.
Waste management 
It is not easy to obtain second-hand building materials 
at an economically viable price. In many cases it is 
cheaper to buy new materials, because the second-hand 
production process remains expensive. The bouwHubs 
present good opportunities in this respect, allowing us 
to store large volumes of materials and process them on 
the spot. During the past year we worked hard on plans 
for a second bouwHub in amsterdam. 
This logistical innovation (see the section on CO 2 and 
energy) also places a lot of focus on recycling building 
waste. bu ilding waste returned from the building sites is 
collected at the bouwHub, separated and where 
possible used directly to make new products. The great 
thing is that the bouwHub is not only open to our own 
companies but also to fellow contractors working on 
projects in the amsterdam area.st aircase at the eosta head office. We developed and 
built the head office and the distribution centre and 
issued a material passport. 
/seven.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/one.tf/five.tf/zero.tf
/three.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/four.tf/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf
/zero.tf
/t.sc/o.sc/t.sc/a.sc/l.sc /w.sc/e.sc/i.sc/g.sc/h.sc/t.sc /o.sc/f.sc /w.sc/a.sc/s.sc/t.sc/e.sc*
/six.tf/one.tf/six.tf/zero.tf/six.tf/six.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/six.tf/eight.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/zero.tf/one.tf
In kilotonnes
The sharp rises in the amount of waste and the waste separation rate in 2018 are the result of 
a definition change. as from the fourth quarter of 2018 the amount of recycled asphalt is 
registered as waste. This is the result of a change in our definition of waste. for further 
explanation please refer to the section ‘ about this report’. The white bar shows the figure 
according to the old definition.
/one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf
/zero.tf
/w.sc/a.sc/s.sc/t.sc/e.sc /s.sc/e.sc/p.sc/a.sc/r.sc/a.sc/t.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc /r.sc/a.sc/t.sc/e.sc*
/six.tf/five.tf/six.tf/five.tf/six.tf/two.tf/five.tf/three.tf/nine.tf/three.tf
In kilotonnes
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
/five.tf/three.tf
The sharp rise in the waste separation rate in 2018 is the result of a definition change. The 
white bar shows the figure according to the old definition. for further explanation please 
refer to the section ‘ about this report’. 
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 45:
45
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Waste separation is the first step towards a fully circular 
organisation. We want to work towards a situation in 
which we can build without being left with residual 
flows. High-grade waste management is therefore a 
focal point of our policy. We want as much of our 
building site waste as possible to be disposed of 
separately. 
There was a sharp increase in the amount of waste in 
2018, primarily due to the fact that as from the fourth 
quarter of 2018 recycled asphalt is registered as waste. 
This is the result of a change in our definition of waste. 
We made this change because the original definition 
was open to different interpretations. This also explains 
the sharp rise in the waste separation rate: 93% 
compared to 53% in 2017. The waste separation rate 
excluding recycled asphalt was 53%. for further 
explanation please refer to the section ‘ about this 
repor t ’.
Responsibilities
Given the great diversity of both materials used and 
residual streams the knowledge about optimum use and 
reuse of resources resides with our companies. at group 
level we have set central targets for our four main 
resources (timber, concrete, asphalt and steel). 
co mpanies that use significant quantities of these 
resources must comply with these targets. They are also 
responsible for developing the necessary measures, 
entering into partnerships and developing innovations 
that contribute to the realisation of our targets. They do 
so in regular consultation with the CSR department and 
the various suppliers. 
In addition we have a target for waste separation, which 
as of this year has also become one of the KPIs for the RCF 
agreement. We have central framework contracts with 
waste processors which set out agreements on 
monitoring and processing of waste streams, 
for example providing for the high-grade reuse of 
materials from the construction process wherever 
possible. Progress with regard to the targets for 
resources and waste is monitored centrally.
ou r role in the FSC co venant is implemented centrally. 
The contracts with our timber suppliers contain 
agreements concerning the use of sustainable timber 
and the monitoring of our timber procurement. all our 
wood-processing companies are FSC /PEFC certified and 
monitor their own certification.
/one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/r.sc/e.sc/c.sc/y.sc/c.sc/l.sc/i.sc/n.sc/g.sc /r.sc/a.sc/t.sc/e.sc
/eight.tf/nine.tf./five.tf/eight.tf/seven.tf /nine.tf/nine.tf/eight.tf/eight.tf./six.tf /nine.tf/seven.tf
Target
Recycling rate
In percentages
Highlights of 2018
   Plastic Road bike path completed in Zwolle 
   ci rcular viaduct near Kampen completed 
   bi omakerij in berkel-enschot completed 
   si gning of national concrete agreement
Challenges in 2018
   Improving waste separation
   Making circularity measurable
   sc aling up innovations
Action items for 2019
   Development of circular bouwhub in amsterdam
   Monnickendam project featuring all-timber 
structure
   Deliver more material passports
The sharp increase in the amount of waste and the waste separation rate in 2018 is due to 
definition changes. as from the fourth quarter the amount of recycled asphalt is regis -
tered as waste. for further explanation refer to the section ‘ about this report’.

Page 46:
46
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
The opportunities for saving energy and improving 
energy systems are greatest in the built environment. 
VolkerWessels is working with supply chain partners to 
achieve the maximum reduction in emissions. 
These emissions are generated both by the extraction 
and production of raw materials and in the use phase of 
buildings and infrastructure. both of these domains 
require a structural approach to saving energy and 
increasing sustainability. This also creates scope for new 
innovative solutions.
Targets for 2020
   10% CO2 reduction per euro of revenue compared 
to 2014 
   5% CO2 reduction in scope 3 emissions per m 3 of 
concrete products compared to 2014
   5% CO2 reduction in scope 3 emissions from 
asphalt products per tonne of asphalt compared 
to 2014
   2,000 zero-energy bill homes per year
   
Saving energy in the use phase
We work constantly to find ways of making energy 
consumption in the use phase more sustainable, 
for example by developing sustainable energy systems 
and new building standards.
fo r example, zero-energy bill homes generate 
electricity as well as consuming less energy. In 2018 we 
built a total of 769 zero-energy bill homes: a slight 
increase compared to 2017 (758) but still below our 
target of 2,000 for 2020. Together these 769 homes will 
save an average of 2,000 tonnes of CO2 per year 
compared to the same number of standard homes. 
In addition to low-energy building standards we also 
focus on alternative energy sources for our building site, 
in our production facilities and during the construction 
process. 
Opportunities for Bouwhubs
co nstruction and logistical efficiency do not always go 
hand in hand, and there is still room for improvement 
here. However, in recent years we have built up ample 
experience in efficient organisation of the construction 
process in city centres, with the VolkerWessels 
bo uwHub playing a key role in this respect. In Utrecht 
we have been working with a bouwHub on the outskirts 
of the city for some time now. The hub operates as a 
base for monitoring and coordinating the entire 
logistical process in the building supply chain (from 
supplier to construction site). 
In collaboration with Dutch research institute TNO  a 
great deal of research has been conducted into the 
positive effects of the bouwHub. The findings are very 
positive: significant savings in terms of energy, higher 
productivity levels, 50 to 80 per cent fewer trips and 
less heavy traffic in the city centres. 
ou r ambition is to engage with more municipalities 
about the implementation of bouwHubs. During the 
past year we finalised the plans for an initial circular 
bo uwHub in amsterdam. This will be realised in 2019, 
in collaboration with demolition and waste management 
and recycling company beelen. The favourable location 
of the bo uwHub will make it possible to transport 
Natural environment – CO2 and energy
High time to speed things up
Technically, we are well on the way to making the energy transition 
happen. However, this will also require more intensive cooperation 
between parties such as municipalities, real estate owners, grid operators 
and of course end users. With the Paris climate agreement and the 
forthcoming national climate agreement, it is now high time to join forces 
and really get to work on the energy transition.

Page 47:
47
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
materials, people and machinery by water. The facilities 
will be made available to all parties, builders and 
suppliers, so that we can make a real difference 
throughout the chain. The number of transport 
movements by suppliers can be reduced significantly, 
and there is scope for further expansion of transport by 
water. This represents a good step in the transition 
towards smarter and cleaner city logistics.
Gas-free 
During the past year we developed an extensive area in 
the ni euw Kijkduin neighbourhood of The Hague, which 
will be completely gas-free. Planned construction in the 
coming years includes a new shopping centre with 
apartments for rent and purchase, 17,000 m2 of 
commercial space and a new promenade. We will install 
the plug & play thermal storage system ONE, developed 
by our own installation company. 
  
We see opportunities for making the housing market 
more sustainable. natural gas-free construction is 
rapidly becoming the norm. In addition, from 2020 all 
new properties must be nearly zero-energy buildings 
(nZEB, or BENG in Dutch). at various locations 
VolkerWessels is building BENG  and zero-energy bill 
homes. In 2018 we completed the one thousandth 
MorgenWoning home: proof to us that developing and 
building without a connection to the natural gas gridis 
easily possible. 
a great example in the area of housing construction is 
the completion of clarissenhof, in the heart of the 
sp oorzone 013 district in Tilburg. Here we delivered a 
wide variety of 339 completely gas-free homes for rent 
and purchase. The buildings are able to exchange 
residual heat and residual cold for immediate reuse. 
This concept enables a collective thermal storage plant 
to work even more efficiently and sustainably.
Factories: Brainport Industries Campus
In addition to homes and offices we also develop and 
build factories. In 2017 we started work on the 
construction of brainport Industries campus (BIC) near 
ei ndhoven. This development and production site for 
business and knowledge institutions in the high-tech 
sector occupies a total area of 200 hectares. 
BIC is proof that it is also already possible to work 
gas-free on a large scale, thanks to thermal storage, 
heat pumps and 8,800 solar panels. This ‘ factory of the 
fu ture’ will be the home front for far-reaching 
partnerships between industry suppliers, specialist 
businesses and innovative educational and knowledge 
institutions.
Various VolkerWessels parties are involved in the 
construction of BIC . This collaboration is a great 
example of our multidisciplinary way of working. 
si x parties are handling the various aspects of the 
building process, from the construction of the building 
to the design of the public space and the laying of pipes 
and cables. 
Gerealiseerd
Doelstelling
/two.tf./five.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/one.tf./two.tf/five.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/n.sc/u.sc/m.sc/b.sc/e.sc/r.sc /o.sc/f.sc /z.sc/e.sc/r.sc/o.sc-/e.sc/n.sc/e.sc/r.sc/g.sc/y.sc /b.sc/i.sc/l.sc/l.sc /h.sc/o.sc/m.sc/e.sc/s.sc /p.sc/e.sc/r.sc /y.sc/e.sc/a.sc/r.sc
/two.tf/seven.tf/zero.tf/six.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf/four.tf/four.tf/eight.tf/four.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf /nine.tf/five.tf/zero.tf/seven.tf/five.tf/eight.tf/one.tf./three.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf/one.tf./six.tf/five.tf/zero.tf/seven.tf/six.tf/nine.tf /two.tf./zero.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
Target
A ctual
Installation by hand of the Digitenne mast near 
the a2 8 motorway. equipped with safety 
harnesses our employees climbed right to the top. 
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 48:
48
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
0
55
110 Ve renigd Ko ninkrijk
Nederland
2014201520162017201820192020
/one.tf/one.tf/zero.tf
/five.tf/five.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/r.sc/e.sc/l.sc/a.sc/t.sc/i.sc/v.sc/e.sc /c.sc/o.sc/two.tf /e.sc/m.sc/i.sc/s.sc/s.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc/s.sc
/one.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf/eight.tf/eight.tf/seven.tf/five.tf /seven.tf/seven.tf /seven.tf/two.tf/nine.tf/zero.tf
As a % of revenue, compared to /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf Target
Actual
Expansion of activities 
In 2018 we acquired Joulz energy solutions (JES). There 
is growing demand for solutions to support the energy 
transition and the trend towards electrification. 
JES adds substantial engineering and construction 
experience in the high-voltage field to our existing 
experience at VolkerWessels. by combining our 
activities we will be better able to cater to increasing 
client needs in terms of energy transition solutions.
Together with JES  we are working on two high-voltage 
offshore platforms for the huge wind farms being built 
in the no rth sea. We are responsible for the complete 
engineering and installation of the high-voltage 
equipment on both platforms.
Extraction and production of materials
ex traction and production of our main resources steel, 
concrete and asphalt is by far the greatest cause of 
carbon emissions in our value chain. We also want to 
take our responsibility in the value chain and work with 
producers and suppliers to make the chain more 
sustainable. We do so by encouraging our suppliers to 
use energy-efficient production methods, 
use alternative or recycled raw materials and optimise 
the composition of concrete and asphalt mixes.
Increasing sustainability in the concrete and asphalt 
chain is our key priority here. These are two of our 
biggest material flows with production processes that 
are energy and carbon-intensive. Having our own 
production sites gives us considerable influence on the 
asphalt production process, while our design choices 
enable us to influence the composition and application 
of concrete. 
fo r asphalt we seek to do this by reducing the amount of 
energy used during the production process, for example 
by producing asphalt at lower temperatures. 
We regularly develop, test and manufacture types of 
low-temperature asphalt. The latest sustainable asphalt 
/one.tf/six.tf/zero.tf
/eight.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/s.sc/c.sc/o.sc/p.sc/e.sc /three.tf /c.sc/o.sc/two.tf /e.sc/m.sc/i.sc/s.sc/s.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc/s.sc /f.sc/r.sc/o.sc/m.sc /c.sc/o.sc/n.sc/c.sc/r.sc/e.sc/t.sc/e.sc /p.sc/r.sc/o.sc/d.sc/u.sc/c.sc/t.sc/s.sc
In kg/m/three.tf
/one.tf/five.tf/four.tf/one.tf/six.tf/one.tf/one.tf/four.tf/nine.tf
VW Concernkantoor
Energie & Telecom
Infrastructuur
Bouw & Vastgoed
/s.sc/e.sc/c.sc/t.sc/o.sc/r.sc /b.sc/r.sc/e.sc/a.sc/k.sc/d.sc/o.sc/w.sc/n.sc /o.sc/f.sc /c.sc/o.sc2 /e.sc/m.sc/i.sc/s.sc/s.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc/s.sc – /n.sc/e.sc/t.sc/h.sc/e.sc/r.sc/l.sc/a.sc/n.sc/d.sc/s.sc
Infrastructure
/eight.tf/three.tf
Construction & 
Real Estate 
Development
/two.tf/three.tf
VolkerWessels
Corporate office
/one.tf
Energy &
Telecom
Infrastructure
/two.tf/zero.tf
In kilotonnes /c.sc/o.sc2
The cl arissenhof newbuild project reached 
completion in april 2018. This unique housing 
project was inspired by the architecture of the 
monasteries of the past. clean lines alternate 
with classic arched windows to create a 
peaceful environment in Tilburg city centre.
* KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 49:
49
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
mixture is manufactured at a low temperature of around 
90˚c and has a very high recycling rate of 85%. These 
green credentials make the mix unique in the asphalt 
market. In partnership with the municipality of 
sc hiedam the mix was applied in practice for the first 
time this year.
an other example is the building of canopies at our 
production sites over the area where the asphalt 
granulate is stored. This keeps the raw materials drier, 
thus reducing the amount of energy needed to heat 
them. In 2018 canopies like this were built at our asphalt 
plants in Doetinchem and Roosendaal, in addition to 
which PV panels were installed. In Doetinchem this 
measure alone cut gas consumption by 12.5%. 
At the building site
We also make frequent efforts to implement measures 
to reduce CO2 emissions from our building sites. 
The construction of the Rotterdamsebaan road project 
in The Hague is a case in point. It is the first drilled 
tunnel project in the world to use an electric segment con struction, reconstruction and maintenance 
of asphalt roads are the core of our 
infrastructure work. 
“The energy transition is proceeding 
apace. Via sustainable solar and wind 
energy  to the green hydrogen economy 
for mobility, the built environment, 
chemical sector and industry.  
We are up for it!”
Tonnie van Peperstraten
Director of Van Peperstraten Group
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE
Scope 2
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 1
/b.sc/r.sc/e.sc/a.sc/k.sc/d.sc/o.sc/w.sc/n.sc /o.sc/f.sc /c.sc/o.sc2 /e.sc/m.sc/i.sc/s.sc/s.sc/i.sc/o.sc/n.sc/s.sc /b.sc/y.sc /s.sc/c.sc/o.sc/p.sc/e.sc 2018 – /n.sc/e.sc/t.sc/h.sc/e.sc/r.sc/l.sc/a.sc/n.sc/d.sc/s.sc*
Scope 1
/one.tf/one.tf/seven.tf
Scope 2
/one.tf/zero.tf
In kilotonnes /c.sc/o.sc2
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 50:
50
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
truck, known as the ‘Tunnel Tesla’. Its use of electricity 
means there are no exhaust fumes in the tunnel tube. 
In addition,  less ventilation is required for the drill, 
resulting in substantial energy savings. 
Our own CO 2 emissions
Reducing CO2 emissions is an important part of our 
business operations. We focus on measures that reduce 
the emissions caused by our buildings, vehicle fleet and 
the use of machinery. for example, one of our 
companies is installing 14,000 solar panels, which will 
generate around 4 megawatts of electricity a year. 
The first phase will be finished in 2019.  
The relative CO 2 emissions of our group have declined in 
recent years. following a slight increase in 2017 the 
amount of CO2 emitted per euro of revenue fell once 
again in 2018, by 3% compared to 2016 (down 5% 
compared to 2017). This was mainly due to a reduction in 
the emissions caused by our asphalt plants and 
equipment. The reduction at the asphalt plants was 
attributable to two factors. firstly asphalt production 
was lower. secondly we have made our production 
process more energy-efficient, as described elsewhere 
in this report. With regard to fuel consumption of our 
equipment, while emissions are largely determined by 
the nature of our major projects, use of energy-efficient 
equipment is increasing.
 
on e of the focus areas for the coming years will be a 
low-energy policy for the vehicle fleet. after all, 
the emissions caused by our cars and vans are 
responsible for a major part of VolkerWessels’ total 
carbon footprint. In 2018 we started looking with our 
companies at the various practical solutions that are 
also viable for the long term. 
Monitoring and managing
The companies report on their CO₂ emissions on a 
quarterly basis. The primary responsibility for 
implementing reduction measures and gathering and 
processing data lies with our companies themselves. 
This year we added benchmarks for our vehicle fleet for 
the first time. The benchmarks show how the segments 
and companies are performing compared to one another 
and in relation to the objectives. High as well as low 
scores provide motivation to take measures or tighten 
existing ones.
Highlights of 2018
   co mpletion of the 1,000 th MorgenWoning home
   ac quisition of Joulz energy solutions
   Industry first: ‘Tunnel Tesla’ on Rotterdamsebaan 
project
Challenges in 2018
   Making existing residential properties gas-free
   fl eet policy
Action items for 2019
   Translate the spearhead to increase the sustaina -
bility of the vehicle fleet into action points and 
approach
   Realise a circular bouwhub in amsterdam
During the construction of the 4-kilometre long 
Rotterdamsebaan in The Hague we de-ployed an electric 
segment truck, known to project insiders as the ‘Tunnel Tesla’.

Page 51:
51
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Natural environment – bi odiversity
Making an active contribution to nature
cl ients are increasingly asking for nature-inclusive building methods in the development of 
neighbourhoods, urban districts and infrastructure. Think for example of making use of the roofs of 
buildings or of buildings with nesting spaces for birds.  
Designing with biodiversity
a great deal can be achieved by looking at biodiversity 
in the planning phase, so that the opportunities can be 
incorporated in the design. We create space for all 
aspects of the project whilst preserving and reinforcing 
an area’s biodiversity. adopting ecological measures 
contributes to climate adaptation and improves the 
ecosystem. In addition, it can help enhance the 
appearance of the surroundings.
Targets for 2020
   Rollout of internal campaign to promote biodi -
versity
   20 projects a year in which we take at least two 
biodiversity measures 
   Two inspiring projects a year
Sustainable residential neighbourhood
In Groningen we designed the sustainable residential 
neighbourhood engelse Park. We gave a lot of 
consideration to nature, both in relation to the public 
space and to the homes themselves. 
   Rainwater does not drain away into underground 
sewers but is fed back to the plants and flowers 
around the neighbourhood. This will help create a 
flourishing environment that will attract butterflies 
and bees. 
   a special bat tunnel will be built, to allow bats to fly 
safety to and from the nearby woods. 
   ne sting boxes for bats and birds will be incorporated 
in various places in the outsides of buildings and in 
garden walls.
In 2018 we also completed the courthouse in breda, 
which will house the district court, the public 
prosecutor’s office and the child care and protection 
board. on top of the car park we laid out a 6,000-square 
metre roof garden which is open to the public, complete 
with plants and irrigation system.
Wooden frames for our standard homes
98% of the timber procured by VolkerWessels is 
certified timber1, and therefore demonstrably sourced 
from managed forests. We set ourselves apart from 
most of the other major construction companies by 
1 ce rtification means that only FSC-certified companies are allowed to 
sell FSC  products. The contracts with our timber suppliers contain 
agreements with regard to the use of sustainable timber and the 
monitoring of our timber procurement. all VolkerWessels wood-
processing companies are FSC /PEFC -certified and monitor their own 
certification. 
exclusively using wooden window and door frames for 
our standard Pluswonen homes. 
VolkerWessels is a signatory to the FSC  ne derland 
co venant for the construction sector. The FSC system 
guarantees responsible forestry to ensure the survival 
of the world’s forests. Protecting the plant and animal 
habitats is one of its prime objectives.  
Vertical greenery in the city 
na ture and ecosystems often have to take a back seat in 
large urban planning projects. our two prominent 
designs in Utrecht’s beurskwartier district, in the 
am sterdam Zuidas business district and at amsterdam 
sl oterdijk station show that this does not have to be the 
case. 
The WonderWoods project in Utrecht involves the 
construction of a pair of iconic tower blocks with a 
height of 70 and 90 metres respectively. The blocks will 
provide space for living, working and recreation and will 
feature a lot of greenery – trees, bushes and shrubs – to 
provide residents, birds and insects with a healthy, 
climate-proof habitat. 
In am sterdam’s Zuidas district we are building Valley, 
an innovative and sustainable mixed-function building 
with an area of around 75,000 m2. In this project 

Page 52:
52
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
in which six of our infrastructure companies are 
involved. The project comprises two measures that will 
provide guaranteed water safety in the medium term. 
Room for nature is a key aspect of this project. 
The natural flood protection of three floodplains will be 
reinforced with the creation of around 350 hectares of 
new delta nature area. In addition two fish ladders will 
be installed in the Reevediep, a side branch of the river 
IJssel, to make it easier for the fish to pass from one side 
to the other. our ecologists will monitor the work. 
Together we will ensure that the existing natural 
floodplains are respected during the execution of the 
project, to ensure that the species present retain a 
suitable habitat at all times.
Natural water purification in Utrecht
Green water purification is an option even in urban areas 
without much greenery. The transformation of the 
Jaarbeursplein square in Utrecht was completed in the 
past year with the installation of a water feature with 
LED lighting. The water is purified by means of a 
helophyte filter and a combination of 1,500 plants and 
bacteria. In the spring of 2019 this water feature will be 
transformed into an oasis of greenery as the plants 
grow. 
Monitoring and managing 
bi odiversity is a topic that does not occupy a central 
position in our organisation. This is mainly because it 
requires specific professional know-how. We are 
working on sharing and disseminating knowledge within 
our organisation. This year for example we developed 
the biodiversity toolbox, which is freely available to 
colleagues and helps integrate biodiversity in projects.
Highlights of 2018
   Prominent use of nature and water safety in 
development of IJsseldelta area 
   Development of biodiversity toolbox
Challenges in 2018
   aw areness of opportunities offered by biodi -
versity and nature for contributing to quality of 
life
   le ave building sites with greater biodiversity than 
before the project
Action items for 2019
   co nstruction work starts on WonderWoods 
project
“st orage of energy is crucial in realising 
a sustainable energy system. Together 
with VolkerWessels, we are working to 
convert solar energy into heat in raw 
materials and hydrogen.”
ir. Jos Boere 
Director of Allied Waters B.V.
greenery is fully interwoven with the public space: the 
green structure at street level seamlessly extends to the 
building’s various terraces. There is a diverse selection 
of plants with a wide range of leaf colours, flowering 
styles and shapes. a number of flowering lower trees 
and shrubs break up the otherwise open and spatial 
design.
an other pair of residential blocks will be built at 
am sterdam’s sloterdijk station encircled by a ring of 
greenery at second street level. This ‘Green Hug’ will 
act as climate control, collect surplus water, reduce 
noise and improve air quality. Rainwater will be led 
down via the outside walls and the terraces and 
collected in a pond.
Water safety and ecology
Water safety and ecology are perfect partners, which 
are suited to an integrated approach. This is for example 
the case with the IJsseldelta Room for the River project, 
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 53:
Gezondheid
53
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
Work and social activities
“The opinion and input  
of our people are very valuable   
for enabling our organisation to make  
the most of its potential. ”
The o p en IJ consortium, comprising BAM -PGGM  and VolkerWessels-DIF, works on realising the new 
sea lock at IJ muiden, which will improve access to the port of a m sterdam. 

Page 54:
Gezondheid
54
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sU s T a I nab I l I T y  T o P I c s
Work and social activities
The instructor/apprentice method is a good 
way of training up new qualified staff. s tudents 
on BBL  vocational courses spend four days a 
week learning the trade from a VolkerWessels 
professional and go to school on the fifth day. 
f e atured is Remco van e ngelen.
We want all our employees to work in accordance with 
our core values: integrity, safety and sustainability. 
In order to achieve this we invest time and effort in a 
wide variety of campaigns and workshops to create 
ongoing awareness amongst our employees about what 
we consider important about these core values. 
We consider acting with integrity to be a prerequisite 
for doing our work properly. This is only possible in a 
culture where we are open and honest towards each 
other, in which we have the courage to call other people 
out on undesirable behaviour in a respectful way and 
where there is room to make mistakes and learn from 
them. 
Focus on culture 
In order to work on this open and transparent culture 
every year we ask all our employees how they 
experience our culture and leadership. The first of these 
surveys took place last year. We asked for feedback on 
topics such as social and physical safety, working 
together, career opportunities and sustainability. 
The employees’ opinions and input are very valuable so 
that we can constantly improve and enable our 
organisation to make the most of its potential.
o u r people are positive about the following points: the 
constant drive to improve, delivering quality and safety. 
What we need to focus more attention on is mutual 
collaboration between companies, inspiring leadership 
and openness and honesty. 
We want to be a good employer
a  good employer both for our own people, and for 
subcontractors and suppliers. b ut also for those for whom work 
is not something they can take for granted. o ur organisation 
features a wide range of activities, which means that there are 
plenty of opportunities to provide such people with a job.

Page 55:
55
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Work and social activities – em ployment
A conversation about culture and leadership
ou r sector is doing well. There is plenty of work. at the same time this 
presents a challenge, because the netherlands has a serious shortage of 
technically trained professionals, causing a risk of project delays. In order 
to be and remain successful we must respond to this development.
We make every effort to achieve constant improvement 
and to be a good employer for every generation of 
workers. We aspire to being an organisation where we 
can make mistakes and learn from them. To be a 
knowledge partner for our clients, suppliers and 
partners, and work together with them to develop 
sustainable alternatives and focus on new ways of 
contracting. 
In order to be a valuable knowledge partner we need to 
keep attracting highly qualified people, and so we need 
to stand out in a tight and strongly competitive labour 
market. our people need to feel that they are really 
being seen and heard. our policy therefore focuses on 
four aspects: 
1.  le adership 
2.  a t ransparent culture
3.  Training and development of our employees
4.  lab our market communication
Targets for 2020
   Invest in internal succession planning
   Invest in long-term employability
   PSO score of 3.7%
   ed ucation to boost equal opportunities
Leadership
ou r aim at VolkerWessels is to turn our management 
teams into high-performing teams that meet our 
standards for leadership. We have chosen four words to 
capture the essence of leadership: authentic, inspiring, 
transparent and professional. 
Our leadership profile 
Authentic
Has self-knowledge, reflects and wants to learn 
something new every day. Takes a genuine interest in 
the people they work with. acts in accordance with 
words and values. not afraid to make choices and 
decisions.
Inspiring
Motivates people through enthusiasm and vision. 
co operates and has the ability to connect people and 
get the best out of them. Takes and gives 
responsibility.
Transparent
Walks the talk and talks the walk, is open, honest, 
clear and acts with integrity. Is approachable about 
behaviour and addresses others with respect.
Professional
Knows their profession, the market and the client. 
Inspires and encourages new ideas. surrounds 
themselves with colleagues who complement them. 
Is enterprising, result-oriented and promotes safety, 
integrity and sustainability in work.
Good leaders understand when to manage and when to 
lead. ou r own leadership programme focuses on raising 
awareness of one’s dominant management style, 
the other leadership styles and which style is most 
effective in which situation. These are people who are 
learning how to provide effective coaching and training 
to the new generation of employees. 

Page 56:
56
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
The new leadership programme has been developed so 
as to focus on a transparent way of working. We expect 
the programme to have a positive effect on our 
corporate results and that will help us maintain our 
status as a good employer. last year the programme 
was launched within the energy & Telecom 
Infrastructure and construction & Real estate 
Development segments, to be followed by the 
Infrastructure segment in 2019. at the same time our 
international departments are rolling out similar 
programmes tailored to the local labour markets.
Transparent culture
VolkerWessels consists of many different companies, 
each catering to its own market. This means we have to 
deal with many different (working) cultures. In addition 
we have our deep-rooted history, stretching back to 
1854. These two characteristics make it a challenge to 
effect the desired changes in the organisation’s culture. 
Which is why we have been focusing explicitly on this in 
our employee training programmes since 2017, teaching 
them about the differences that exist and the pros and 
cons of this. We consider shared awareness of this to be 
an important factor in interdisciplinary collaboration.
We want all our employees to work in accordance with 
our core values: integrity, safety and sustainability. 
In the culture survey we carried out last year all 
VolkerWessels employees were asked about their 
experiences of the culture and leadership. We asked for 
feedback on topics such as social and physical safety, 
working together, career opportunities and 
sustainability. The employees’ opinions and input are 
very valuable for constant improvement to enable our 
organisation to make the most of its potential.
Training and development 
VolkerWessels has its own training institute, 
the VolkerWessels academy, which offers modular 
training programmes that range from learning about 
VolkerWessels to project management and leadership. 
ou r employees are given the latest insights into market 
development, innovative ways of working and skills 
development. This keeps them sharp and makes them 
aware of changes.
In 2018 we looked at a further professionalisation of the 
VolkerWessels academy to make the programmes more 
accessible to all. In 2019 we will be launching a central 
learning management system for all our companies, 
an online learning platform with individual logins for all 
employees. It will contain all our e-learnings, 
for example on integrity. new employees will be able to 
find all the information here and the platform will offer 
general courses, such as VCA health & safety training. 
In addition each company will be able to develop its own 
training courses and make them available via the 
platform.
Learning in practice
In addition to the VolkerWessels academy our 
companies also develop their own training programmes 
to teach students the job. learning in practice is still the 
most important way of doing this. for example at our 
telecom business, where apprentices are paired with an 
instructor to learn the job of telecom engineer. We have 
our own technical industry college for our company that 
installs pipes and cables. The training college provides a 
pleasant, safe and inspiring environment aimed at the 
work-oriented development of young talent, workers 
Good leaders know  
the difference between 
managing and leading
WAVE (Wees al ert! Veiligheid eerst! –  be alert! 
sa fety fi rst!) is a way of working.

Page 57:
57
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
/one.tf./six.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/eight.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
/zero.tf
/a.sc/v.sc/e.sc/r.sc/a.sc/g.sc/e.sc /a.sc/m.sc/o.sc/u.sc/n.sc/t.sc /s.sc/p.sc/e.sc/n.sc/t.sc /p.sc/e.sc/r.sc /e.sc/m.sc/p.sc/l.sc/o.sc/y.sc/e.sc/e.sc
/six.tf/nine.tf/three.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/eight.tf/four.tf/eight.tf/nine.tf/three.tf/one.tf/nine.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
In euros
from outside the sector and more experienced 
candidates who already work for us. The instructor/
apprentice principle is also used in the construction and 
Real es tate Development segment, for example for 
installation technology and bricklaying.  
Labour market communication
an a ttractive employer is also visible to and accessible 
for the outside world. In 2018 we developed a vision and 
strategy for labour market communication. a target 
group analysis was drawn up at group level in order to 
create an effective strategy, which included looking at 
what activities companies can undertake themselves to 
increase their visibility. In 2019 we are launching the 
recruitment website werkenbijvolkerwessels.nl 
(‘working at VolkerWessels’) as well as the central 
campaign ‘Maak morgen mogelijk’ (‘Make tomorrow 
possible’).
Responsibilities 
Given the major differences between companies, 
markets and employees we leave the organisation of the 
HR policy up to our companies. one topic that is 
organised centrally  is the policy for long-term 
employability of our employees. at group level the HR 
department combines the needs in terms of certain HR  
topics that need to be managed centrally and 
coordinates the central HR policy. It does so in close 
cooperation with the HR  directors. 
VolkerWessels as a social entrepreneur
at VolkerWessels we are good at managing our 
business. but we also want to be good at social 
enterprise. That means combining social objectives with 
our business operations. 
ou r basic principle for social enterprise is that people 
who deserve a chance on the labour market should be 
given room to develop. because finding suitable work is 
not always easy for people who are on benefits or who 
have a physical or mental handicap. VolkerWessels 
makes measurable efforts in this area, in terms of time 
and money invested. social return is one of the six focal 
points for 2019. 
ou r objective is to train people up so that instead of 
going back on benefits they can come and work for us. 
at the same time it helps us find workers for our 
companies facing staff shortages. an example is the 
Rotterdamsebaan project in The Hague, where we 
periodically offer apprenticeship training for asylum 
seekers holding a residence permit and for benefit 
claimants. a number of asylum seekers with residence 
permits are now fully employed on the project. 
bu t it is not just on building sites where we can find 
room for people who are at a disadvantage on the labour 
market. for example, one of our road construction 
companies has for some time now employed a Wajonger 
in an administrative position (a Wajonger is someone 
who has had an occupational disability from a young age 
and therefore receives benefits). With tailored 
supervision he now feels completely at home. We also 
find solutions for people with physical limitations. In the 
past year our engineering firm took on an adviser after 
making just a few minor modifications to the office.
Research shows that if young people obtain a basic 
qualification (at least MBO  level 2) they are much less 
likely to end up on benefits later in life. Good training is 
therefore important, as well as being a good way of 
tackling the shortage of trained staff. The instructor/ 
apprentice method works well here; students on a BBL 
vocational course spend four days a week learning the 
trade from a VolkerWessels professional and go to 
school on the fifth day. VolkerWessels provides time 
and space for these young students to master the job at 
their own speed.
We combine 
social objectives with  
our business operations/three.tf/zero.tf
/one.tf/five.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
/zero.tf
/a.sc/v.sc/e.sc/r.sc/a.sc/g.sc/e.sc /n.sc/u.sc/m.sc/b.sc/e.sc/r.sc /o.sc/f.sc /h.sc/o.sc/u.sc/r.sc/s.sc /o.sc/f.sc /t.sc/r.sc/a.sc/i.sc/n.sc/i.sc/n.sc/g.sc /p.sc/e.sc/r.sc /e.sc/m.sc/p.sc/l.sc/o.sc/y.sc/e.sc/e.sc
/two.tf/three.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/one.tf/eight.tf/two.tf/zero.tf /two.tf/four.tf

Page 58:
58
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Making the most of our potential 
We understand that we need to make the potential of 
social enterprise clear to our companies. They also need 
help with the extra work involved in implementing social 
return. so me clients – government projects in particular 
– set specific conditions in this area. It goes without 
saying that we meet these, although we also seek to add 
something extra by combining the know-how from the 
various disciplines. an example is how the experiences 
gained during the work training programme in The 
Hague are being shared on other projects in the 
construction and infrastructure sector. a social return 
policy calls for specialist know-how and the right 
network. Who are the local partners we can work with? 
Where in our company or which of our projects is right 
for someone who is at a disadvantage on the labour 
market? How do we share our knowledge with our 
supply chain partners?
In 2016 we set up the social Return counter, which 
organises social return within VolkerWessels and 
enables the specialist knowledge to be applied at our 
companies. The counter is also responsible for 
measuring our performance, analysing the extent to 
which the companies provide opportunities to people 
who are at a disadvantage on the labour market. It does 
so using the social enterprise Performance ladder 
(PSO), a nationwide benchmark for social enterprise.
Two aspects of social enterprise
ou r efforts are focused in two areas. on the one hand 
we analyse the direct employment relationships and 
how these relate to our total workforce. This is called 
the direct contribution. on the other hand there is also 
great potential for the indirect contribution: how much 
we procure from social enterprise businesses, how many 
people who are at a disadvantage on the labour market 
are working on our projects through supply chain 
partners and suppliers. These two contributions 
together provide a social Return score, for which we 
have set an ambitious 2020 target: a weighted social 
Return score of 3.7%. 
This year we commissioned KPMG  to provide assurance 
on the so cial Return score. as a result, there was closer 
monitoring to ensure that the right people at a 
disadvantage on the labour market were included and 
that the right methodology was applied. It emerged 
from this that we are gaining more insight into the 
indirect contribution all the time but still do not have a 
clear picture of the total number of FTEs employed 
through supply chain partners and suppliers. 
Monitoring the burden of proof of the indirect 
contribution (people working on our projects via 
subcontractors) is complex. We are engaged in a large 
number of projects in which a large number of supply 
chain partners and suppliers are involved. We have 
therefore chosen to exclude the indirect contribution 
for now. This means that the figures for 2017 and earlier 
are not fully comparable with the figures for 2018. 
Measuring the indirect contribution is one of our focus 
/four.tf
/two.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf*/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/nine.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/two.tf/zero.tf
/zero.tf
/s.sc/o.sc/c.sc/i.sc/a.sc/l.sc /r.sc/e.sc/t.sc/u.sc/r.sc/n.sc /s.sc/c.sc/o.sc/r.sc/e.sc: /p.sc/e.sc/o.sc/p.sc/l.sc/e.sc /w.sc/h.sc/o.sc /a.sc/r.sc/e.sc /a.sc/t.sc /a.sc /d.sc/i.sc/s.sc/a.sc/d.sc/v.sc/a.sc/n.sc/t.sc/a.sc/g.sc/e.sc /o.sc/n.sc /t.sc/h.sc/e.sc /l.sc/a.sc/b.sc/o.sc/u.sc/r.sc /m.sc/a.sc/r.sc/k.sc/e.sc/t.sc
In percentages
/three.tf./seven.tf/two.tf./three.tf/zero.tf./seven.tf/one.tf./seven.tf/one.tf./two.tf
Target
Social return score
This year we realised all the cabling for the 
oo sterwolde solar farm.
The Social Return score ( SR score) measures to what extent an organisation engages in sustainable, 
social enterprise. The SR score equals the weighted number of people at a disadvantage on the 
labour market in the Netherlands relative to the total number of FTE s in the Netherlands, 
expressed as a percentage.
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 59:
59
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
areas for 2019. for further explanation please refer to 
‘ab out this report’.
In 2018 the social Return score was 0.7%, based on our 
direct contribution. This was considerably lower than in 
2017 (2.3%). The decline was mainly due to the 
measuring method and not to a change in actual 
performance. There was closer monitoring to ensure 
that the right people at a disadvantage on the labour 
market were included and that the right methodology 
was applied. In addition we used an improved tool in 
2018, which made it easier to perform checks; we can 
now record accurately the exact number of days people 
at a disadvantage on the labour market were actively 
employed by our companies. The response rate from the 
companies rose sharply in the past year.
The audits showed that around a third of the people 
concerned work for our companies, but that they have 
completed their internship or that the indicative period 
has expired. This indicates that we are contributing to 
social enterprise because we have been able to offer 
them a permanent job. This means they are no longer at 
a disadvantage on the labour market, resulting in a 
lower so cial Return score.
In 2018 we made the social Return score part of the KPIs 
for the RCF. We have noticed that not all clients employ 
the same methodology, making it difficult to give social 
Return a fixed place in the business processes and 
project management. by taking the initiative we want to 
help our clients to implement social return more 
successfully.
 
Dilemma
by m ore actively recruiting and deploying people who 
are at a disadvantage on the labour market and 
procuring more from social enterprises VolkerWessels 
creates a significant number of jobs in the netherlands. 
That is what we aspire to but we also see priority being 
given to our core task: realising high-quality projects 
fast. This comes at the expense of the extra attention 
needed for social enterprise. 
Which is why social return is one of the initiatives we are 
going to focus on more. one of the ways we are doing so 
is by including the PSO  score in our agreement for the 
RCF with the banks. In addition the KPI  has been added 
to the balanced scorecard for the members of the 
Management board.
Highlights of 2018
   cu lture survey
   la unch of new leadership survey
   Development of labour market communication 
campaign
Challenges in 2018
   aw areness of differences in culture
   at tracting and retaining highly qualified staff
   Uniform social return approach in the market
Action items for 2019
   la unch central learning management system
   lau nch werkenbijvolkerwessels.nl [website]
   la unch ‘Maak Morgen Mogelijk’ campaign
   Involve supply chain partners in social return
   ‘Dealing with social enterprise in the workplace’ 
masterclass for instructors 
“We build it!  
And I’m really  
proud of that!”
Sunil Biere
Shuttering carpenter
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 60:
60
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Work and social activities – com munity engagement
Building community engagement
sp atial projects have a major impact on the local community and vice 
versa. We can put our quality of life vision into practice during both the 
preparation and execution of construction projects. are local residents 
and other stakeholders given a say before the work starts and are they 
given the opportunity to suggest solutions? If so, this contributes to their 
quality of living, working and life. Which means there is an important role 
for community engagement in the execution of our projects.
Getting the community involved
In renovating community centre ’t eikske in landgraaf 
we involved the Harlekijn primary school next door in 
the plans from the very start. after all, carrying out 
renovation work right next door to a primary school 
meant focusing on safety and creating awareness on this 
subject. and so we started by making warning signs that 
would appeal to children. In addition as many as 300 
children from the school decorated the safety fences 
with their own artwork. The initiative aimed not only to 
give the neighbourhood something nice to look at but 
also and specifically to raise awareness of ‘working 
together to create a safe building site’.
Targets for 2020
   100% of projects must comply with considerate 
co nstructors guidelines
   at least 150 projects a year must be registered 
with considerate constructors
   15 projects in which we take two measures under 
the su stainable construction site guidelines
   15 projects in which we take two measures from 
the co nstruction logistics Menu
on o ne of our projects the children at the 
primary school next door were taught in a fun 
way about what goes on at a building site.

Page 61:
61
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Rolling out the BouwApp (“Building App”) 
la st year we started rolling out the bouwapp (“building 
ap p”), which we use to inform local communities about 
works in connection with building and infrastructure 
projects. The style and set-up of the app is adjusted to 
suit the company and the project. The bouwapp 
provides information on the timeline, progress and 
possible nuisance. as well as providing information the 
app is a tool for dealing with complaints and measuring 
customer satisfaction.
The bo uw app is now successfully being used on all 
projects undertaken by our largest road construction 
company. examples of such projects include the major 
maintenance of the berg en bos nature park in 
ap eldoorn and the rail underpass in Goes. These are 
long-running projects whereby it is essential that those 
in the vicinity are involved at each stage.
We actively draw attention to the bouwapp, 
for example by means of banners on fences and building 
signs and in letters to local residents and reports in the 
local media.
We can tell that this is effective, for example in 
connection with the work on the n204 road – the 
project has more than 1,000 followers. The community 
engagement manager posts regular updates on what is 
being done with residents’ feedback. 
 
The bo uw app was also on the agenda at our nationwide 
community engagement day, which was attended by 
around 400 community engagement managers, project 
managers, area managers and communication advisers 
from the government and market parties. a workshop 
challenged professionals to come up with new ideas for 
the app. This input allows us to keep on improving the 
bo uw ap p.
Considerate Constructors
VolkerWessels is a proud initiator of considerate 
co nstructors in the netherlands. The foundation works 
to ensure that the community, safety and sustainability 
are taken into account during building projects. 
la st year one of our construction companies became 
the 2,000th considerate constructor. Two of our 
construction companies working on a joint project 
received the considerate constructors Zuidas award. 
The Valley amsterdam project was chosen by residents 
and auditors as the project that made the best 
contribution to a safe and community-friendly building 
site during the year. Valley won the prize for the quality 
of the construction fences: attractive banners with 
clear impressions of what Valley will look like. 
In addition the contractor took steps to limit nuisance 
when it turned out that a number of sheet piles had to 
be vibro-driven into place instead of using silent 
pressing. This was done between the hours of 8.00 am 
and 10.00 am to minimise nuisance. Measures such as 
these were highly appreciated by the juries. In 2018, 
343 construction sites were registered.
“sc hiphol is intense, dynamic and 
changing rapidly. strong growth in 
passenger numbers, limited capacity 
and new parking products. In a robust 
partnership with VolkerWessels we are 
turning into a data-driven, flexible  and 
proactive organisation.”
Corné de Jong
Manager Product & Contract management Parking, Schiphol Group
ANOTHER  
PERSPECTIVE

Page 62:
62
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
/four.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/zero.tf
/two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/four.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/five.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/six.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/seven.tf /two.tf/zero.tf/one.tf/eight.tf
/zero.tf
/c.sc/o.sc/m.sc/m.sc/u.sc/n.sc/i.sc/t.sc/y.sc /e.sc/n.sc/g.sc/a.sc/g.sc/e.sc/m.sc/e.sc/n.sc/t.sc
Number of C onsiderate C onstructors building sites in the Netherlands
/one.tf/three.tf/eight.tf/one.tf/seven.tf/one.tf/three.tf/four.tf/four.tf/three.tf/five.tf/six.tf/three.tf/four.tf/three.tf
Building on a postage stamp
co nstruction projects in city centres often see us having 
to work within a limited space and amid busy conditions. 
This can require creative solutions to keep nuisance to a 
minimum. 
on e of the most hectic inner-city project sites is 
Jaarbeursplein by Utrecht central station. building a 
multi-storey car park on a site that sees 186,000 people 
coming and going every day is a huge challenge. 
We made sure the site was clean and tidy to limit the 
nuisance for the many pedestrians and cyclists in the 
area. fo r example all lorries left the construction site via 
a special rinsing area to ensure they were as clean as 
possible. In addition the limited space required close 
coordination with other contractors.
Five pillars of Considerate Constructors code of conduct
1.  l o cal 
community
co nsiderate constructors limit the 
disruption and inconvenience to the 
local community
2. s a fety co nsiderate constructors work in a 
way that is safe for local residents, 
passers-by and visitors
3. Professionals co nsiderate constructors pay 
consideration to the development, 
health, well-being and safety of their 
professional staff
4. e n vironment  co nsiderate constructors are 
environmentally conscious in their 
work
5. Tidiness co nsiderate constructors are tidy in 
their work
Impact of measures immediately clear to residents
We understand that residents like to get a clear (visual) 
picture of the impact of climate change on their own 
neighbourhood. and so we use a 3D tool to provide 
them with an insight into the impact of various 
measures, for example to limit heat stress and flooding 
in the street. We consult with specialists and/or 
residents to explore and select possible solutions on the 
spot. 
This happened for example in the case of the centres of 
four villages in the catchment of the schipbeek, 
a tributary of the river IJ ssel in the east of the 
ne therlands: bathmen, Holten, Markelo and neede. 
It transpired that heavy showers would result in the 
serious flooding of around 40 per cent of the paved 
surfaces. by implementing measures this can be limited 
to around 10 per cent.
as m any as 300 children decorated the building 
site in la ndgraaf with their own artwork.

Page 63:
mI lESTONE  IN  GRO uNd RA dAR TEC hNOlOG Y
The Netherlands has over 1.7 million kilometres of underground cables 
and pipes. With the increase in the number of underground networks in 
the country (for example fibre optic, sewerage and electricity networks) 
the risk of damage during construction and excavation work is growing 
all the time. We teamed up with the University of Twente and Gasunie to 
develop a solution in the form of a ground scanner. 
By combining various innovations such as machine learning and 
augmented reality the 3D ground scanning technology provides an 
image of what is in the ground and where. Underground cables and 
pipes are automatically recognised and shown on a tablet or computer 
screen. Up until now only specialists were able to interpret the results 
of a scan, and it took several days for results to come through. Now we 
are able to drastically reduce the number of damage incidents and carry 
out our work within a shorter timeframe, minimising the nuisance to the 
surrounding area. The ground scanner also received international 
recognition during the year at the World Gas Conference in Washington, 
where it won the Industry Choice Award. 
HIGHLIGHTED
63
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Monitoring and steering
si nce 2016 we require the companies to report based on 
qualitative descriptions of the policy pursued. 
The divergent nature of the activities within our 
organisation makes it difficult to express this in KPIs. 
This way of reporting provides more information about 
the actual effects and satisfaction levels of clients and 
the local community. 
Highlights in 2018
   343 building sites registered with considerate 
co nstructors
   Improved usability of bouwapp 
Challenges in 2018
   ad equate communication on long-running 
projects
   Minimising the impact on the local community on 
city-centre building projects
Action items for 2019
   co ntinue research into impact on the community 
of bo uwhub smart logistics
   ex pand use of bouwapp

Page 64:
64
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
Work and social activities – Integrity
VolkerWessels does not compromise  
on integrity
Integrity is one of our three core values. VolkerWessels does business with 
integrity, or not at all. We focus on two main areas: raising awareness of 
integrity among our employees and ensuring people act with integrity 
within our organisation.
Raising awareness on integrity among employees
ou r in-house awareness campaign VolkerWessels Veilig 
(‘VolkerWessels safe’) covers integrity, privacy and 
information security and how they interconnect given 
the multiple intersections between the topics. 
We take a look at desirable and undesirable conduct as 
well as rules and guidelines.  last year for example we 
focused on using business assets. It is important that 
everyone is absolutely clear about this. In the spring of 
2018 a video animation about using business assets was 
rolled out across the group.
E-learnings and workshops
ou r compliance policy reinforces integrity awareness. 
The co mpliance annual Plan sets out the action items 
for the year ahead. e-learnings are a good way of 
promoting integrity awareness; they have a wide reach 
and employees can follow them when it is most 
convenient to them.
In 2018 we developed an e-learning on integrity 
focusing on:
1.  Taking personal responsibility 
2.  Pointing out unethical behaviour to each other
3.  Where to report suspicions of misconduct
The e-learning was rolled out in December 2018 and ran 
until mid-february 2019 and was aimed at all 
VolkerWessels employees who have a device for work 
such as a phone or laptop. The e-learning is also 
mandatory for hired employees. 
ne xt year we will roll out an e-learning about the 
General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR) and the 
restrictions on sharing information with fellow 
competitors under the Dutch competition act.
In 2018 a total of 689 employees took part in a course or 
workshop on integrity. In these workshops groups of up 
to 20 employees use specific examples to discuss 
integrity dilemmas and the rules set out in the 2016 
co de of conduct. 
at the end of 2018 the topic of Integrity was discussed 
at the mandatory return days for all the group’s 
statutory directors. Topics discussed included examples 
of potential or actual unethical or less ethical conduct 
by directors of VolkerWessels in the last few years. 
It was concluded that most of the directors have a good 
knowledge of where the boundaries of ethical and 
unethical behaviour lie in this day and age. They are also 
aware of the exemplary role they have in this respect.
Avoiding insider trading
si nce the listing of our shares on the stock market, 
insider trading is a new topic to which we have devoted 
attention. Providing employees with good information 
on this topic is essential because the consequences of 
insider trading can be serious. 
To reach out effectively to employees it has been 
decided not to provide the information in the form of an 
e-learning; with this topic it would seem that this is not 
the most effective way of getting the message and rules 
across clearly. In 2017 the boards of all the companies 
followed a ‘train the trainer’ workshop on this topic. 
Responsibility for making employees aware of the risks 
of insider trading lies mainly with them. To maintain 
ongoing attention on the topic, an animation film has 
been made, that will be rolled out in March 2019.
Compliance Officer training
The VolkerWessels compliance officers have an 
important task and responsibility in monitoring that our 
standards and the rules are upheld. They provide a 
corporate culture in which everyone can do their work 
safely. at the beginning of 2019 our compliance 
Targets for 2020
al l employees must know:
1.  How to deal with integrity dilemmas in their field 
of work
2.  Who to turn to if they wish to consult with 
someone about this
3.  Who to report any breaches of the code of 
conduct to

Page 65:
65
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
of ficers will receive extra training, to ensure that they 
know what their role is and are able to perform it 
effectively. examining dilemmas is an effective work 
approach in such training courses. We teach the 
co mpliance officers how best to deal with dilemmas 
and how best to advise colleagues in this area.
In 2018 49 suspected integrity violations and suspected 
misconduct were reported. The reports resulted in 11 
dismissals. The number of reported incidents was higher 
than in 2017 (32). The figure is in line with the results of 
previous years. 
Openness and trust
a good integrity policy focuses on both the structure 
and the culture of the organisation. In order to gain an 
insight into the level of openness and trust at 
VolkerWessels we included these topics in the 
group-wide culture survey conducted last year. a key 
finding was that that there is a difference between how 
managers and their employees experience integrity. 
attention was also devoted to this during the return 
days for statutory directors at the end of 2018.
In response to the findings of the culture survey we have 
started developing a toolbox to encourage employees 
and managers to engage about integrity issues. 
The toolbox will be made available to every layer of the 
organisation, starting with the Management board and 
proceeding layer by layer to the employee. 
Integrity in cooperation
The clear rules that we have set for our employees also 
apply to our clients, suppliers, subcontractors and other 
stakeholders. our conditions for working together are 
set out in our code of conduct, which states for 
example that forced labour is not permitted and is 
subject to severe penalties. It provides a clear basis for 
acting and doing business with integrity. We refer to the 
co de in our General Terms and conditions. 
Su S TAINA blE dEVE lO Pm ENT  G O A lS AT 
V O l k ERwESSE lS
Our vision of sustainability is aimed at ‘building a better 
quality of life’. We look at questions such as: ‘How do you 
introduce sustainability at every level of the organisation 
and what tools do you need to do that?’ The SDGs help us 
introduce focus. They provide a guideline and a reference 
framework: What contribution can we make to the big 
social questions of today? They also provide a common 
language for explaining to others what we do. 
 
We put sustainability into practice by means of our 
objectives. A special set of objectives has been defined in 
the Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) agreements with a 
number of major banks. We took the initiative to link our 
sustainability performance to the credit facility from the 
banks. Depending on how many sustainability goals we 
achieve we will be granted a lower rate of interest or be
subject to a higher rate of interest. In determining the 
indicators we looked at the influence we have on the 
three quality of life pillars and how these contribute to 
the SDGs:
h E A lTh
We invest in research into healthy design and the 
development of new building concepts promoting health. 
Moreover we work safely or not at all. By taking this 
stance we safeguard the good health and well-being of 
our stakeholders (SDG 3). In addition our policy on 
environmental impact and waste management also has a 
major influence on the safety and sustainability of cities 
and communities (SDG 11)
 
N A T u R A l  ENVIRON m EN T
We keep our CO2 emissions and our use of primary 
resources to a minimum. We develop sustainable 
alternatives to speed up the transition to a construction 
sector that is climate-neutral and circular. In addition we 
seek to have a positive impact on nature and biodiversity. 
In this way we contribute to the use of clean energy (SDG 
7), industrial innovation and infrastructure ( SDG 9), 
responsible consumption and production ( SDG 12) and 
climate action ( SDG 13)
 
wOR k AN d SOCIA l ENTERPRISE  ACTIVITIES
VolkerWessels wants to be an honest business partner 
and an attractive employer. We consider it our duty to 
remain a healthy company that creates economic, social, 
ecological and societal added value. In so doing we 
contribute to decent work and economic growth (SDG 8)
VolkerWessels also subscribes to the Guiding Principles 
for co mmissioning construction companies, as do our 
partners in the supply chain. 
In 2016 we signed the United nations Global compact, 
thus committing to the 10 universal principles on human 
rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. 

Page 66:
66
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
sUsTaInabIlITy ToPIcs
We are members of the UN  Global co mpact network 
ne therlands and report annually on how we put these 
principles into practice.
Responsibilities
The Integrity Platform initiates measures to promote 
awareness about doing business with integrity within 
VolkerWessels. It also monitors the implementation and 
follow-up of these measures. Its core tasks are to 
promote awareness and compliance with the rules, 
the code of conduct and the guidelines. The Platform 
consists of board members of various large 
VolkerWessels companies, an HR representative, 
the ce ntral compliance officer and the director of the 
group communications department. The Platform is 
being chaired by the chairman of the Management 
bo ard. at group level we have a central compliance 
of ficer ( CCO) who is responsible for implementing the 
initiatives and action items set out in the compliance 
an nual Plan. The Management board is responsible for 
the integrity policy.
Highlights of 2018
   Rollout of e-learning on integrity and partici -
pation in integrity workshops 
   Workshops for statutory directors on acting with 
integrity
   Training of compliance officers
   fo cus in culture survey on structure and culture of 
organisation
Challenges in 2018
   ex perience of integrity by managers and their 
employees
   an imation / video on insider trading
Action items for 2019
   Rollout of e-learning on GDPR  and the Dutch 
co mpetition act
   an imation video on avoiding insider trading
   Training compliance officers on dealing with 
dilemmas
an imated image of the Valley in the Zuidas 
business district in amsterdam, which is 
scheduled for completion in 2021.

Page 67:
 6 9  United Kingdom
 7 1  n orth america
 7 1  Germany
VolkerWessels International

Page 68:
Gezondheid
North America
68VolkerWessels sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels InTeRnaTIonal
VolkerWessels International
“In addition to our activities 
in the Netherlands
we are also active in the 
United Kingdom, North America
and Germany.”
United Kingdom
Germany


Page 69:
69
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels In TeRnaTIonal
VolkerWessels International
This year we have included our international activities in 
our CSR reporting scope. We were already reporting 
quantitative information for a number of KPI s for the 
United Kingdom, but not yet for Germany and north 
am erica. In 2018 we started gathering sustainability 
data for our most important KPI s at a central level. 
We are doing so because we believe it is important for 
our financial and sustainability reporting to have the 
same scope. 
ou r companies in Germany and north america are new 
to the reporting process. In order to focus our efforts 
and identify effective measures for improvement, 
we asked KPMG to perform a readiness assessment. 
Readiness assessments are aimed at evaluating how 
robust the information on our performance is, with the 
ultimate aim of obtaining assurance. The readiness 
assessment showed that the figures are not yet robust 
enough for assurance. as a result we know which areas 
we still need to improve. The companies concerned will 
need time to improve their reporting processes and 
perform internal audits. We will focus on this in 2019. 
United Kingdom
ou r activities in the United Kingdom are focused on 
multidisciplinary technical solutions in the civil 
engineering and construction sectors. We mainly 
execute infrastructure projects here. We also have 
expertise in the field of commercial and industrial 
buildings and are active in the offshore wind market.
Key figures for the United Kingdom 
 2018 * 2017 * 2016 *
IF-rate 1.1 3.4 1.8
Total weight of waste in kilotonnes 321 500 1,055
separation rate 93% 89% 71%
CO2 emissions in tonnes 32.0 25.8 29.6
Health
In the United Kingdom we promote a positive safety 
culture by means of several engaging behaviour 
campaigns. These campaigns are developed in-house 
and rolled out across the country. The safety campaigns 
include PALS (Plan, attitude, leadership, share) and AIM 
(attitude, Influence, Management). 
Despite a sharp increase in the total number of hours 
worked our safety performance improved in 2018. The IF 
rate was 1.1. During the year there were seven accidents 
resulting in sick leave, considerably fewer than in 2017. 
This was mainly thanks to the excellent performances of 
VolkerHighways and Volkerlaser, both of which 
reported zero accidents resulting in sick leave following 
awareness campaigns.
We are aware of the importance of protecting the 
well-being of our people, of understanding the 
relationship between work and health and committing 
ourselves to reducing stress in the workplace. 
Therefore, in 2018 we launched a Mental Health 
aw areness programme for our employees. 
The programme consists of:
   fa cilitating ‘Keeping the pieces together’ sessions at 
all branches, at which employees are encouraged to 
support and assist colleagues.
   Providing mental health awareness courses to line 
managers and supervisors.
   ap pointing Mental Health champions within the 
organisation who will act as confidential counsellors 
and points of contact for colleagues coping with 
problems. To become a champion, employees must 
follow a fi rst aid for Mental Health course.
   co mmunicating regularly on the range of support 
services available to employees and subcontractors.
Natural environment 
We are trying to reduce the amount of waste we 
produce as much as possible, focusing specifically on 
avoiding construction, demolition and excavation waste 
ending up in landfill. 
We have improved our waste separation performance: 
the waste separation rate in 2018 was 93%. The total 
weight of waste was 321 tonnes in 2018, down from 500 
tonnes reported in 2017. Discarded soil makes up a large 
proportion of the waste in the UK. The fluctuations in 
the amount of waste are therefore mainly attributable 
to this residual waste flow. This is different from the 
situation in the netherlands. In addition we carried out 
less demolition work in 2018, as a result of which there 
was also less construction and demolition waste. 
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 70:
70
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels In TeRnaTIonal
fo r some years now, the focus on waste processing in 
the United Kingdom has been on the recycling 
percentage, with close monitoring of the amounts 
which are reused, recycled, incinerated or sent to 
landfill. 
CO2 emissions per euro of revenue rose by 10% in the 
United Kingdom compared to 2017. The increase was 
due to high fuel consumption on a number of large 
projects. This means there was a strong increase in 
equipment-related fuel consumption.
ab solute CO2 emissions rose compared to 2017 to 
237,000 tonnes in 2018. The rise is attributable to an 
increase in work. In addition the method for collecting 
data has improved, resulting in more accurate 
information. 
as i s the case with our Dutch activities the execution of 
our projects is a major source of CO 2 emissions. We apply 
carbon-reduction measures wherever possible. our rail 
company won prizes for two projects at the Green apple 
env ironment awards. firstly network Rail’s West anglia 
Main li ne ( WAML) project achieved transport savings of 
around 56,300 kilometres by recycling residual flows at 
the building site; this reduced the number of transport 
movements by around 2,500. 
se condly, 80 tonnes of CO2 was saved on the felixstowe 
br anch ca pacity enhancement project to renovate a 
railway bridge by reducing the number of transport 
movements. Here, too, the company managed to 
significantly reduce the amount of materials used for 
the bridge, resulting in CO2 savings of 660 tonnes.
Work and social activities 
We invest heavily in the recruitment, selection, training 
and development of people who share our core values 
and contribute to our culture, philosophy and 
ambitions. We want to be an employer of choice and 
recognise that to achieve this status will require 
constant effort on our part. We consider it crucial that 
our organisation invests in equity, diversity and 
inclusion (EDI) in order to remain an attractive employer.
The sector we work is traditionally characterised by low 
diversity. In addition, we are also faced with a shortage 
of skilled workers in the United Kingdom. This presents 
us with a major challenge. In view of this in 2017 the 
board appointed a head of EDI along with a steering 
group composed of volunteer employees. In 2018 this 
resulted in:
   the implementation of the ‘ building Inclusion 
Together’ strategy
   the signing of an EDI  commitment by the board
   an EDI training course that has already been followed 
by the management and will be rolled out to all 
colleagues
   a dedicated section on the corporate website and 
the intranet aimed at raising awareness of these 
topics
Considerate Constructors
In the United Kingdom we belong to the considerate 
co nstructors scheme (CCS), the sister organisation of 
the Dutch scheme stichting bewuste bouwers in 
ne derland. In the same way as the Dutch organisation, 
CCS looks at the effort made by projects in terms of 
environmental considerations, such as local residents, 
employees and the environment they are working in. 
In 2018 our average score was 40.5, above the sector 
average. Three of our projects were recognised with a 
na tional site award. 
co nstruction of a greener railway track 
between Preston and blackpool in the 
northwest of england, for the first time in 
history connecting to the main West coast line. 

Page 71:
71
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels In TeRnaTIonal
Germany
ou r activities in Germany are mainly focused on the 
development and construction of residential real estate 
and affordable homes for the rental market. We are 
primarily active in three urban areas: berlin, frankfurt 
and the state of north Rhine-Westphalia.
Key figures for Germany 
 2018
IF-rate 14.7
Total weight of waste in kilotonnes 0.14
separation rate 78%
CO2 emissions in tonnes 2.0
Health
The IF rate for 2018 was 14.7. eight accidents took place, 
each of which resulted in sick leave. all concerned 
relatively minor accidents at our building sites. 
co mpared to 2017 the total number of accidents was 
down by nine (2017: 17 accidents, of which seven 
resulted in sick leave). 
be cause every accident is one too many, in the coming 
year we will be increasing the pressure on our 
subcontractors to comply with our safety requirements. 
Unfortunately this is necessary. We still see people at 
building sites who are not wearing helmets or safety 
shoes. In 2018 we appointed an employee who is 
severally responsible for the safety culture in Germany.
fo r ca nada we have figures available for the amount of 
waste produced by the offices but not for residual 
waste streams at the building sites. These figures are 
available for the United states and currently still mainly 
concern concrete and sand.
Work and social activities
In no rth america we employ a lot of seasonal workers. 
These workers are included in our safety figures and 
participate fully in our safety programmes. We do not 
yet have figures for absenteeism due to illness for this 
group. Given that this is a large group we are still 
looking at how best to compile absenteeism figures for 
this group. 
nor th america
VolkerWessels north america is active in the 
infrastructure sector, in the canadian provinces of 
al berta and british columbia and in the seattle region 
of the United states. our activities are focused on the 
construction and maintenance of roads and 
underground infrastructure.  
Key figures for North America
 2018
IF-rate 7.5
Total weight of waste in kilotonnes 86
separation rate 99%
CO2 emissions in tonnes 70.8
Health
The IF rate in 2018 was 7.5. There were 21 accidents 
resulting in sick leave, more than in 2017. We note that 
in ca nada these accidents mainly occurred at the newly 
added business units where the safety management 
programme has yet to be implemented. The United 
st ates also reported an increase in the number of 
accidents.
Natural environment
In no rth america we also made a major effort to obtain 
a complete set of data on waste and CO 2. We did not 
manage to do so everywhere. electricity and fuel 
consumption data are only available for the largest 
suppliers. With regard to transport we do have data 
available for our own vehicle fleet but not for the rental 
cars and the fuel consumption related to mileage done 
in private cars.

Page 72:
72
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
VolKeRWessels In TeRnaTIonal
We are currently working on implementing the 
MorgenWonen concept in Germany, which requires 
adapting the originally Dutch concept for the German 
market. We expect investor demand for this type of 
home to be high.
Registration of our data has improved considerably. 
at the beginning of the year we only had data available 
for the vehicle fleet; we have since added data for 
electricity and heating of offices and for air travel. 
The data is not fully complete yet. We will continue to 
work on this in 2019. 
Work and social activities
ex perienced, highly trained workers are scarce. 
VolkerWessels Germany therefore invests in its existing 
employees and has expanded the range of coaching and 
training available internally.  We have also developed a 
programme aimed at attracting more young people. 
This is needed, given that more than half of our 
employees are aged over 46, and 4.5% are older 
than 60.
Natural environment
In the larger cities in Germany in particular we are 
seeing growing demand for circular construction 
methods. In 2018 construction work started on the 
PULSE building in berlin, which was designed according 
to circular principles. The PULSE  building was awarded a 
DGNB Gold ce rtificate by the German sustainable 
bu ilding council (DGNB). The DGNB  system is widely used 
in Germany to measure and assess the sustainability 
performance of buildings. buildings that meet the 
relevant performance requirements are awarded a 
bronze, silver, gold or platinum certificate.
fo r almost all of our projects, building waste is 
processed by subcontractors. This means we do not 
have full insight into these figures. We are making 
efforts to obtain data in order to be able to provide a 
representative overview of our waste streams. We have 
taken the first steps in this direction by gathering data 
from one of our subcontractors, and have also 
determined follow-up steps to order to make the data 
complete and of the desired quality.

Page 73:
 7 4  a bout this report
 7 7  a ssurance
 7 9  a ppendix sustainability figures
 8 6  Definitions
 9 0  c olophon
About this report

Page 74:
74
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
About this report
The original sustainability Report was drafted in Dutch. 
This document is an english translation of the original. 
In the case of any discrepancies between the english 
and the Dutch text, the latter will prevail.
Scope
The primary target group of this report is our 
stakeholders who are interested in the activities of 
VolkerWessels – primarily in the netherlands, where we 
are active across a broad range in various sectors. since 
2013 we have also reported on the performance of all 
our operating companies in the United Kingdom. 
as o f 2018 we have expanded the scope of the 
su stainability Report with data for our companies in 
Germany and north america. In order to focus our 
efforts and identify effective measures for 
improvement, we asked KPMG to perform a readiness 
assessment. Readiness assessments are aimed at 
evaluating how robust the information on our 
performance is, with the ultimate aim of obtaining 
assurance. The readiness assessment showed that the 
figures are not yet robust enough for assurance. 
The results of the international activities for 2018 can be 
found in the section VolkerWessels International.
fo reign branches of our Dutch companies are included 
in this report. figures for our companies in belgium and 
Germany (VolkerWessels Deutschland GmbH) which are 
controlled by Dutch companies have been included in 
the total figure for VolkerWessels netherlands, but are 
not reported separately.
Consortiums, companies and new entities 
In this report we consolidated consortiums or 
companies in which we have a controlling interest. 
Interests in entities in which VolkerWessels shares 
control with third parties and whereby VolkerWessels 
and other parties have a right to the assets and are liable 
for the debts, are proportionally consolidated as joint 
operations in the financial reporting. This approach is in 
accordance with IFRS accounting principles for financial 
reporting. The material topics for VolkerWessels have 
been determined based on various rounds of 
stakeholder dialogue and an employee survey. 
More information on this can be found in the Materiality 
an alysis appendix to the online report on our website 
(Dutch only).
ac quired companies or consortiums in which our 
interest increased to more than 50% in 2018 will be 
involved in the reporting process in 2019 and included in 
the 2019 accounts. This will for example be the case for 
Joulz en ergy solutions (JES), a company we acquired in 
2018.
In the course of the year under review our company 
Volker st aal en funderingen divested its steel activities. 
This was reflected in energy consumption but not in CO 2 
emissions. This is because the activities use mainly 
green electricity.
CSR strategy
ou r CSR strategy is based on market research, 
best practices and VolkerWessels’ strategy. We comply 
with the internationally recognised guidelines of the 
Global Reporting Initiative (the GRI st andards version). 
The GRI table can be found on the website.
Data collection
We have created a reporting manual for our companies 
to collect data in a uniform manner. We adopt the 
guidelines and emission factors applied by the Dutch 
fou ndation for climate friendly Procurement and 
bu siness ( SKAO ) to calculate the carbon footprint of our 
operations. The CO 2 emission factors stated in the SKAO  
Handbook 3.0 have been applied in our calculations. 
an y recalculations and changes in definitions are 
explained in the text and the footnotes. since 2015 all 
data is internally validated on a quarterly basis to 
increase the reliability of the figures and raise 
awareness throughout the organisation. VolkerWessels 
uses this data to carry out comprehensive internal 
audits on the sustainability figures. These enable us to 
constantly improve the reliability of our sustainability 
figures. furthermore, we use the Group’s consolidation 
system in SAP  to register our financial data, employee 
data and safety data.
Social Return
The so cial Return score ( SR score) is a benchmark for 
sustainable and social enterprise for which the indicator 
is the number of persons employed from the social 
return target group. The score equals the weighted 
number of people at a disadvantage on the labour 
market in the netherlands relative to the total number 
of FTE s in the ne therlands, expressed as a percentage. 
With a few exceptions, the SR  score is calculated 
according to the methodology of the stichting PSO 
ne derland foundation, created in collaboration with 
Dutch research institute TNO , which is used to measure 
the direct and indirect contributions:
1. Direct contribution: the number of persons 
employed who are at a disadvantage on the labour 
market relative to the total workforce. Reporting of 
this information is mandatory for the companies.
2. Indirect contribution: the extent to which companies 
source from supply chain partners and suppliers who 
engage in sustainable and social enterprise. 
Reporting will be developed further in 2019.
The direct and indirect contributions are added 
together to provide an overall percentage: the SR score. 
fo llowing a change we made in 2018 the SR score differs 
in parts from PSO  ne derland, namely the calculation of 
the direct contribution. The social Return target group 
measured differs from the PSO  methodology on certain 
points in terms of the education levels of students, 
asylum seekers holding a residence permit and 

Page 75:
75
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
   Persons who are homeless and unemployed (weight 
= 1): persons in this group are sometimes not covered 
by the Participation act, and can be included under 
this header.
Waste
In 2018 we changed our definition of waste. We did so 
because the previous definition was open to different 
interpretations by the companies. The definition used in 
2017 was ‘a combination of residual waste flows which 
are reused, recycled, processed, incinerated with 
energy being recovered, or sent to landfill. In other 
words, the flows that go to the waste processor.’ The 
2018 definition is ‘residual waste flows which are 
reused, recycled, processed, sent to landfill or 
incinerated with energy being recovered. In other 
words, the residual flows that go to the waste processor 
or which are processed by one of our own companies so 
that they can be reused as raw materials (for example 
asphalt and concrete).’ 
The consequence of this change is that some of our 
companies have included a large amount of extra 
residual flows as waste compared to previous years. 
We have seen a sharp increase for our road construction 
company and for asphalt manufacturer KWS Infra in 
particular, due to the fact that recycled asphalt and 
asphalt millings now qualify as waste. The change has 
also led to a considerable increase in the waste 
separation rate: under the old definition the separation 
rate for 2018 is 53% compared to 93% under the new 
definition.
Concrete and asphalt
In 2018 we expanded the reporting scope with regard to 
the concrete KPIs (sc ope 3 CO2 emissions and percentage 
of secondary material in concrete products). This means 
that in addition to the figures for Van Hattum & 
bl ankevoort, those of BKB Infra have also been included 
in the totals. This has added an important second 
concrete processor to the reporting scope, meaning 
that the results provide a better reflection of our 
performance. 
fi nally, for the first time we have requested assurance 
on the percentage of asphalt granulate reused in asphalt 
products.
Hours worked in the United Kingdom
In 2018 for the first time the number of hours worked in 
the United Kingdom was estimated based on 
contractually agreed hours, adjusted for absenteeism. 
This has proved to be a better way of estimating the 
number of hours worked in the United Kingdom than the 
previously reported estimates based on the definitions 
used in the Dutch health, safety and environmental 
checklist VCA. The improved estimate has been applied 
to historical data and the IF  rate for the United Kingdom 
has been restated for the years up to and including 
2014.
Monitoring
In the past few years we have focused on making our 
monitoring system more robust. More and better data 
results in more reliable figures. This is evident for 
example in our waste, CO2 and safety figures. We are 
increasingly working with accurate figures instead of 
conservative estimates. That means that the improving 
figures are partly performance-related and partly the 
result of the improved monitoring system. furthermore, 
with effect from 2015 the key indicators are monitored 
and evaluated every quarter instead of annually. 
The figures are discussed by the Management board.
unemployed workers who are not on benefits. There are 
also a number of minor differences regarding length of 
service. These changes mean that the SR target groups 
applied by VolkerWessels relate directly to the wishes 
of our clients whilst still being consistent with the 
criteria, i.e. to what extent people are able to earn their 
own living later on in their career. 
 
The addenda/modifications are as follows:
   BBL /BOL (training on the job pathway/school-
based pathway) levels 3 and 4 (weight = 0.25): PSO  
ne derland only includes students at BBL /BOL levels 1 
and 2 (weight =0.5). We have extended this to levels 
3 and 4 because on the one hand it allows us to meet 
the requirements of certain government clients, 
and on the other because it is consistent with our 
desire to contribute to a good basic qualification to 
limit drop-out later on.
   Persons who commence a BBL /BOL course while they 
are working for VolkerWessels are included in our 
calculations during their training period, in line with 
the parameters for regular BBL/BOL students.
   More highly-qualified interns (weight = 0.25): this 
is consistent with our desire to contribute to good 
basic qualifications to limit drop-out later on.
   fo r persons covered by the Dutch Participation act 
we apply a period of five years rather than three 
because we have found that this group benefits from 
a longer period of supervision to avoid relapse.
   Unemployed workers who are not on benefits 
(weight = 1): this is consistent both with the 
requirement of certain government clients and with 
our own practical experiences.
   as ylum seekers holding a residence permit (weight 
= 1): this group tends to fall within the basic criteria 
of the Dutch Participation act, but given the great 
potential we see for this target group we believe it is 
interesting to monitor them separately. 

Page 76:
76
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Future of reporting policy 
In 2017 we gave more prominence to the three quality of 
life topics in this report and this focus has been 
maintained in 2018. In 2019 we will continue to work on 
new quality of life targets for 2025, which we expect to 
be able to present in the 2019 report. This sustainability 
report has been expanded with information relating to 
our business activities in north america and Germany. 
In the coming years we will focus on setting up a robust 
reporting process, thereby aiming to achieve assurance 
at the same level as in the netherlands. 
External Assurance
To safeguard the reliability of our figures we engaged 
KPMG to verify our reporting on the netherlands and the 
United Kingdom and to issue an assurance report for our 
su stainability Report. KPMG has done so for specific 
data on the topics of safety, CO 2, resource management 
and integrity for The netherlands and the United 
Kingdom. for more information, see the assurance 
Report on page 77.
Feedback
If you have any feedback or questions about our 
sustainability report, please contact  
csr@volkerwessels.com.

Page 77:
77
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Assurance report of the independent auditor
To: the readers of the sustainability Report 2018 of 
Koninklijke VolkerWessels n.V.
Our conclusion
We have reviewed the information for selected 
indicators and related disclosures for the topics CO2 and 
energy, resources, safety, employment and integrity 
that are indicated with an (*) in the su stainability Report 
2018 (hereafter: the selected indicators) of Koninklijke 
VolkerWessels n.V. (hereafter ‘VolkerWessels’) based 
in am ersfoort. a review is aimed at obtaining a limited 
level of assurance.
ba sed on our procedures performed, nothing has come 
to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
information for the selected indicators is not prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the 
reporting criteria as included in the section ‘Reporting 
criteria’.
The se lected indicators regard the Dutch activities as 
well as the activities in the United Kingdom.
Basis for our conclusion 
We have performed our review on the selected 
indicators in accordance with Dutch law, including 
Dutch st andard 3000 a ’assurance-opdrachten anders 
dan opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van 
historische financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten)’ 
(as surance engagements other than audits or reviews of 
historical financial information (attestation 
engagements)).
ou r responsibilities under this standard are further 
described in the section ‘ our responsibilities for the 
review of the selected indicators’ of our report.
We are independent of Koninklijke VolkerWessels n.V. 
in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-
opdrachten’ (Vi o, code of ethics for Professional 
ac countants, a regulation with respect to 
independence) and other relevant independence 
regulations in the netherlands. furthermore, we have 
complied with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en 
beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch co de of 
et hics).
We believe that the assurance evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our conclusion.
Reporting criteria 
The information for the selected indicators needs to be 
read and understood together with the reporting 
criteria. VolkerWessels is solely responsible for 
selecting and applying these reporting criteria, taking 
into account applicable law and regulations related to 
reporting.
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the 
se lected indicators are the applied internal reporting 
criteria as disclosed in the chapters ‘ about this report’ 
and ‘Definitions’ of the report.
Scope of the review of the group 
Koninklijke VolkerWessels n.V. is the parent company of 
a group of entities. The selected indicators incorporate 
the consolidated information of the group entities in 
the ne therlands and the United Kingdom, as explained 
in the chapter ‘about this report’.
ou r group review procedures consisted of both review 
procedures at corporate (consolidated) level as well as 
at local level. our selection of local entities in scope of 
our review procedures is primarily based on the 
individual contribution of a local entity to the 
consolidated information. furthermore our selection of 
local entities considered relevant reporting risks and 
geographical spread.
by p erforming our review procedures at local level, 
together with additional review procedures at 
corporate level, we have been able to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate assurance evidence about the group’s 
reported information to provide a conclusion about the 
se lected indicators.
Unreviewed corresponding information 
no r eview has been performed on the information for 
the indicators ‘ secondary materials in asphalt products 
(% recycled)’, ‘Zero-energy bill homes’ and ‘Percentage 
of people at a disadvantage on the labour market 
(PSO -score)’ for previous years. consequently, 
the corresponding data and the related disclosures for 
the previous years have not been reviewed.
Responsibilities of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board for the Selected indicators 
The Management board of VolkerWessels is responsible 
for the preparation of the information for the selected 
indicators in accordance with the reporting criteria as 
included in the chapters ‘ about this report’ and 
‘Definitions’, including the identification of 
stakeholders and the definition of material matters.
The Management board is also responsible for such 
internal controls as Management board determines is 
necessary to enable the preparation of the information 
for the se lected indicators that is free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The su pervisory board is responsible for overseeing the 
reporting process of VolkerWessels.
Assurance

Page 78:
78
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Our responsibilities for the review of the Selected 
indicators 
ou r objective is to plan and perform the review in a 
manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and 
appropriate assurance evidence for our conclusion.
Procedures performed to obtain a limited level of 
assurance are aimed to determining the plausibility of 
information and vary in nature and timing from, and are 
less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance 
engagement. The level of assurance obtained in review 
engagements with a limited level of assurance is 
therefore substantially less than the assurance obtained 
in audit engagements.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or errors and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
decisions of users taken on the basis of the information 
for the se lected indicators. The materiality affects the 
nature, timing and extent of our review procedures and 
the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements 
on our conclusion.
We apply the ‘nadere voorschriften 
kwaliteitssystemen’ ( NVKS , Regulations on quality 
management systems) and accordingly maintain a 
comprehensive system of quality control including 
documented policies and procedures regarding 
compliance with ethical requirements, professional 
standards and applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.
We have exercised professional judgement and have 
maintained professional scepticism throughout the 
review, in accordance with the Dutch standard 3000 a, 
ethical requirements and independence requirements.
ou r review included amongst others, the following 
procedures:
   Identifying areas in the information for the selected 
indicators with a higher risk of misleading or unbal -
anced information or material misstatements due to 
fraud or error. Designing and performing further 
assurance procedures aimed at determining the 
plausibility of the information for the selected 
indicators;
   co nsidering the internal control relevant to the 
assurance engagement with the aim of selecting 
assurance activities that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. This consideration does not aim to 
express a conclusion about the effectiveness of the 
internal control of the entity;
   ev aluating the appropriateness of the reporting 
criteria used, including evaluating the results of the 
dialogue with stakeholders and the reasonableness 
of estimates by the Management board and the 
disclosures provided for the selected indicators;
   ev aluating the presentation, structure and content 
of the information for the selected indicators and 
related disclosures and evaluating whether the infor -
mation for the selected indicators presents the 
underlying transactions and occurrences free from 
material misstatement;
   Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing 
the information for the selected indicators, carrying 
out internal controls on the data and consolidating 
the data for the selected indicators;
   Performing three site visits within the segments 
en ergy & Telecom Infrastructure, construction & 
Real es tate Development and VolkerWessels United 
Kingdom, with the aim to validate source data at 
local level and to evaluate the design and implemen-
tation of internal controls and validation procedures;
   Performing an analytical review of the data and 
trends in the information submitted for consoli-
dation at corporate level;
   Reviewing, on a limited test basis, relevant internal 
and external documentation, to determine the relia-
bility of the information for the selected indicators.
We communicate with the Management board 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the review and significant findings that we 
identify during our review.
am stelveen, 4 March 2019
KPMG su stainability, 
Part of KPMG  ad visor y n.V.
W.J. ba rtels RA, Partner

Page 79:
79
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Appendix sustainability figures – The ne therlands
Health
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
SAFETY
Sickness absence percentage *
ne therlands 3.9% 4.2% 3.9% 3.9% 4.8%
 — co nstruction & Real estate Development 3.6% 4.1% 3.7% 3.7% 5.8%
 — Infrastructure 3.9% 4.3% 4.2% 3.8% 4.1%
 — en ergy & Telecom Infrastructure 4.2% 4.0% 3.9% 4.3% 4.9%
 — VolkerWessels group head office 2.6% 4.6% 2.8% 2.6% 1.6%
Accidents resulting in absenteeism *
ne therlands 116 129 129 113 115
 — co nstruction & Real estate Development 48 39 53 46 30
 — Infrastructure 40 49 55 47 57
 — en ergy & Telecom Infrastructure 26 37 20 20 28
 — VolkerWessels group head office 2 4 1 0 0
Number of fatal industrial accidents * 0 0 1 0 1
IF rate Netherlands * 4.6 5.3 5.5 5.1 5.2
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 80:
80
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
na ural environment
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
RA w  m ATERIAlS
Percentage of sustainable timber used 98% 97% 96% 97% 92%
se paration rate for building and demolition waste * 93.1% 52.6% 61.9% 64.8% 65.0%
Total weight of waste (in tonnes) * 680,083 71,673 65,742 60,450 61,410
Hazardous materials collected and processed (in kg) 229,047 282,144 289,860 375,610 550,780
Use of secondary material
co ncrete (% reused) *4% *10% 5% - -
asp halt (% asphalt granulate) *41% 41% 41% 39% 37%
CO 2 AN d ENERGY
CO 2 emissions per scope (in kilotonnes) *
ne therlands  127.0  133.6  122.7  134.6  150.4 
 — sc ope 1  117.2  125.1  114.5  124.7  140.4 
 — sc ope 2  9.9  8.5  8.2  9.8  10.0 
CO 2 emissions per sector (in kilotonnes)
co nstruction & Real estate Development  23.2  18.9  18.8  19.2  18.4 
Infrastructure  83.1  92.6  84.3  91.1  99.3 
en ergy & Telecom Infrastructure  19.9  21.4  19.0  24.3  32.7 
VolkerWessels group head office  0.9  0.7  0.6 0 0
CO 2 emissions in the value chain (scope 3)
co ncrete (kg CO2 / m3) *161 *154 149 - -
Number of zero energy bill homes *769 758 270 448 -
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 81:
81
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Work and social activities
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Em PlO Y m ENT
Breakdown of staffing levels by age and gender (male/female)
<21 107/17 79/12 68/12 55/14 62/13
22-25 396/79 350/76 344/68 368/70 409/77
26-30 941/199 887/192 915/160 926/144 889/150
31-35 1,118/168 1,064/157 1,082/154 1,022/161 1,111/205
36-40 1,154/198 1,198/191 1,233/172 1,164/173 1,215/199
41-45 1,281/210 1,318/196 1,364/192 1,421/222 1,520/266
46-50 1,507/267 1,545/243 1,600/225 1,590/197 1,554/187
51-55 1,618/179 1,671/164 1,662/150 1,645/138 1,504/119
56-60 1,389/101 1,398/91 1,411/82 1,441/75 1,291/87
61-65 951/57 865/49 814/52 735/52 623/50
65< 43/7 34/4 16/5 16/4 12/5
Total number of employees by gender (male/female) 10,506/1,481 10,407/1,376 10,510/1,273 10,381/1,251 10,291/1,341
Percentage of fulltime / part-time by gender
Male fulltime / part-time 92.4% / 7.6% 92.5% / 7.5% 91.7% / 8.3% 93.7% / 6.3% 93.1% / 6.9%
fe male fulltime / part-time 40.0% / 60.0% 40.5% / 59.5% 42.5% / 57.5% 41.6% / 58.4% 33.8% / 66.2%
Inflow and outflow of males and females
Male inflow 80.9% 79.1% 83.0% 82.4% 81.3%
fe male inflow 19.1% 20.9% 17.0% 17.6% 18.7%
Male outflow 82.0% 82.8% 83.7% 81.0% 82.9%
fe male outflow 18.0% 17.2% 16.3% 19.0% 17.1%
Breakdown of years of service and gender (male / female) 
<2 2,053/508 1,659/33 1,601/320 1,532/310 2,573/278
2-5 1,914/310 1,791/302 1,659/277 1,655/265 1,861/299
6-10 1,454/197 1,812/245 2,044/234 2,214/242 1,832/226
11-20 2,229/295 2,221/277 2,116/266 2,143/289 1,904/282
21-30 1,414/102 1,469/101 1,609/116 1,670/112 2,152/102
31< 1,438/71 1,450/63 1,422/59 1,137/1,281 2/55
Input Social Return target group
People employed who are at a disadvantage on the labour market  
(PSO score in the netherlands) *0.7% 2.3% 1.7% 1.2% -
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 82:
82
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Training
av erage number of hours of training per employee 24 20 18 17 23
am ount spent per employee (in euros) 918 931 848 720 693
Percentage of women who participated in the Management Development course ( MOL) 9.4% 9.4% 6.3% 6.3% -
nu mber of participants in VolkerWessels academy 790 1,180 739 278 199
CO m mu NI TY  ENGAGE m EN T
nu mber of building sites registered with ‘ considerate constructors’ 343 356 344 171 138
INTEGRITY
Total number of reported suspicions of a breach of integrity  
and suspicions of wrongdoing * 49 32 39 33 49
nu mber of reported cases resulting in dismissal * 11
12 reported cases 
resulting in 13 
dismissals
8 reported cases 
resulting in 11 
dismissals 13 16
nu mber of reported suspicions of a breach of competition law * 1 0 0 0 1
Use of the whistleblower’s scheme * 0 8 0 3 3
nu mber of employees enrolled in integrity workshops,  
such as the induction programme and other gatherings * 689 529 481 1,188 1,798
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 83:
83
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
International
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
SAFETY
Sickness absence percentage
United Kingdom * 1.1% 1.1% 1.1% 1.4% 1.0%
nor th america 0.1% - - - -
Germany 4.3% - - - -
Accidents resulting in absenteeism
United Kingdom* 7 20 10 16 15
nor th america 21 18 11 12 15
Germany 8 7 0 0 0
Number of fatal industrial accidents
United Kingdom* 0 0 0 0 0
nor th america 0 0 0 0 0
Germany 0 0 0 0 0
IF rate
United Kingdom * 1.1 3.4 1.8 3.0 3.0
nor th america 7.5 8.8 5.6 6.9 8.3
Germany 14.7 13.1 - - -
RA w  m ATERIAlS
Separation rate for building and demolition waste
United Kingdom* 92.8% 88.6% 71.4% - -
nor th america 98.6% - - - -
Germany 78.4% - - - -
Total weight of waste (in tonnes)
United Kingdom* 321 500 1,055 345 377
nor th america 86 - - - -
Germany 0.14 - - - -
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 84:
84
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Hazardous materials collected and processed (in kg)
United Kingdom 11,745,919 15,154,949 15,350,600 1,285,223 9,410,000
nor th america 3,312,195 - - - -
Germany 0 - - - -
CO 2 AN d ENERGY
CO 2 emissions per scope (in kilotonnes)
United Kingdom * 32.0 25.8 29.6 31.9 25.3
 — sc ope 1 * 21.7 17.1 20.8 23.3 19.1
 — sc ope 2 * 10.3 8.7 8.9 8.6 6.2
nor th america 70.8 - - - -
 — sc ope 1 65.9 - - - -
 — sc ope 2 4.9 - - - -
Germany 2.0 - - - -
 — sc ope 1 1.1 - - - -
 — sc ope 2 0.9 - - - -
Em PlO Y m ENT
Breakdown of staffing levels by age and gender (male/female)
<21 108/37 150/42 149/45 122/37 119/31
22-25 258/77 283/71 253/122 266/74 267/71
26-30 401/128 425/131 434/190 392/116 372/107
31-35 461/103 415/103 388/158 382/102 403/107
36-40 478/104 431/94 393/131 356/85 352/75
41-45 449/82 471/71 375/131 491/76 452/83
46-50 509/113 543/98 438/136 421/68 367/75
51-55 496/81 440/69 280/113 368/71 342/65
56-60 401/62 329/37 199/63 231/36 201/41
61-65 190/34 125/29 72/36 125/23 97/20
65< 65/7 34/5 32/9 9/3 22/9
Total number of employees by gender (male/female) 3,816/827 3,646/750 3,013/1,134 3,163/692 2,994/684
Percentage of fulltime / part-time by gender Netherlands
Male fulltime / part-time 98.9%  / 1.1% 98.9% / 1.1% 99.2%/0.8% 99.5%/0.5% 99.7%/0.3%
fe male fulltime / part-time 87.9% / 12.1% 84.8% / 15.2% 82.9%/17.1% 82.7%/17.3% 82.3%/17.7%
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 85:
85
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Inflow and outflow of males and females
Male inflow 80.2% 78.7% 82.0% 80.4% 78.9%
fe male inflow 19.8% 21.3% 18.0% 19.6% 21.1%
Male outflow 62.2% 65.4% 84.2% 58.0% 66.1%
fe male outflow 37.8% 34.6% 15.8% 42.0% 33.9%
Breakdown of years of service and gender (male / female) 
<2 1,135/285 1,138/277 1,016/379 1,195/271 1,079/244
2-5 1,111/259 1,109/258 899/402 799/190 694/214
6-10 521/148 531/151 556/248 576/128 648/109
11-20 767/93 647/76 470/90 480/60 494/55
21-30 208/30 127/21 50/14 106/13 122/18
31< 79/7 53/7 23/0 32/5 0/2
Average number of hours of training per employee
United Kingdom 28 7 9 16 -
nor th america 4 - - - -
Germany 0 - - - -
Amount spent per employee (in euros)
United Kingdom 447 414 192 394 -
nor th america 583 - - - -
Germany 0 - - - -
INTEGRITY
Total number of reported suspicions of a breach of integrity  
and suspicions of wrongdoing
United Kingdom* 5 43 20 11 8
nor th america 1 - - - -
Germany 0 - - - -
Use of the whistleblower’s scheme
United Kingdom* 0 1 2 1 3
no ord amerika 0 - - - -
Germany 0 - - - -
*  KPMG  provided limited assurance on this indicator, refer to page 77.

Page 86:
86
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
A
Asphalt granulate 
se condary material derived from the destruction or 
routing of hard asphalt surfaces. asphalt granulate can 
be reused in various products, such as in the production 
of new asphalt.
Average number of employees
The average number of employees at the end of a 
certain period, in this case a year. 
B
BIM
bu ilding Information Modelling. BIM is a digital 
representation of all physical and functional aspects of 
a building. a BIM model is a shared source of knowledge 
or file containing information about a building that 
serves as a reliable basis for making decisions during the 
entire life cycle of the building.
Biodiversity
bi odiversity is defined as the variety of life forms within 
an ecosystem or even on the entire planet.
BREEAM (Building Research Establishment 
Environmental Assessment Method)
as sessment method to establish the sustainability 
performance of buildings. BREEAM  sets a standard for a 
sustainable building and then determines the 
performance level of the building. The objective is to 
analyse buildings and issue a sustainability label (pass, 
good, very good, excellent and outstanding). 
Building
a property used permanently (and not for a specific 
project) by a company as an office, storage unit, 
production site, etc.
Building and demolition waste 
co nsists of the unsorted fraction of resources released 
during activities on a construction or a demolition 
project. This fraction of resources still needs to be 
sorted to create pure materials which can be 
immediately used by the final processor. building and 
demolition waste does not include materials containing 
asbestos and asbestos-like materials, eternit materials, 
waste from rooftop renovations, sand, soil and rubble.
C
CO₂
a gas emitted for example by burning fossil fuels (i.e. 
fuels including coal and products made of crude oil). CO ₂ 
is the type of gas that makes a substantial contribution 
to the greenhouse effect. 
CO₂ footprint
The total amount of CO ₂ emitted in a certain period, 
in this case by VolkerWessels.
Community engagement 
ac tions aimed at the local community in which external 
parties are involved and consulted, such as residents, 
road users, companies, the media, environmental 
movements, etc.
Completed homes
a unit for completed housing units, i.e. including 
apartments. Includes housing units completed on behalf 
of third parties.
Considerate Constructors
a quality label promoting the relationship between 
building sites and the local community. The quality label 
encourages communication with the community near 
the building site and makes the professionalism at 
building sites transparent. The Dutch initiators of 
co nsiderate constructors are VolkerWessels, BAM, 
ba llast ne dam and strukton.
Conversion factor
The factor for converting energy to CO2 is different for 
each energy flow and each type of fuel. The factor is 
used to calculate the carbon emissions.  The conversion 
factors used by VolkerWessels are based on the CO ₂ 
performance ladder in version 3.0 of the SKAO  
Handbook.
CSR
co rporate social Responsibility 
CSR platform 
Internal advisory body at VolkerWessels in the field of 
our policy on corporate social Responsibility. 
E
Employee
a person employed by a VolkerWessels operating 
company, including people seconded to another 
VolkerWessels operating company.
External Review Committee
ex ternal advisory body of VolkerWessels. The external 
Review co mmittee reflects and advises on our CSR 
policy. The composition of the comittee changes 
annually. The external Review committee has no legal 
liability or responsibility.
Definitions

Page 87:
87
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
Innovation
The development of a new or improved product, 
concept or service. The innovation is pioneering for 
both the company and the market for which it is 
intended. a sustainable innovation also adds value to 
the environment. 
N
NGO  (non-governmental organisation)
an o rganisation that is independent of governments 
and focused in some way on an assumed public interest.
Number of hours worked
The number of hours worked is the total number of 
hours worked by VolkerWessels employees including 
hired personnel.  The number that is registered consists 
of (1) the number of hours worked by own employees 
and (2) the number of hours worked by temporarily 
hired employees. If companies that do not register the 
actual number of hours worked (by their own employees 
and temporary employees), then the number of own 
employees must be multiplied by a standard number of 
1,600 hours per year. 
I
Industrial accident
an a ccident that occurs during the performance of paid 
labour, with the exception of accidents that occur while 
commuting. That means that industrial accidents 
happen during working hours, but not all accidents that 
occur during working hours are considered to be 
industrial occupational accidents. We only speak of an 
industrial occupational accident if the accident was 
caused by work. Industrial accidents include both fatal 
accidents and accidents resulting in sick leave. note: 
accidents that occur during business trips are 
considered to be industrial accidents.
Industrial accident resulting in death
an i ndustrial accident resulting in death is an industrial 
accident that results in the death of the person 
concerned immediately after or within calendar 30 days 
of the accident. an industrial accident resulting in death 
only concerns VolkerWessels employees or temporary 
employees.
Industrial accident resulting in sick leave
This refers to an industrial accident resulting in sick 
leave longer than one day, not including the day that the 
person concerned (being either a VolkerWessels 
employee or a temporary employee) suffered the 
accident. note: saturdays and sundays are not 
included. If an industrial accident occurs on a friday and 
the employee reports back to work the following 
Monday, it is known as an industrial accident not 
resulting in sick leave.
Injury frequency ( IF rate)
Injury frequency ( IF rate) is the number of industrial 
occupational accidents resulting in sick leave (or death) 
multiplied by one million (hours) divided by the number 
of hours worked.
F
Flow of resources
The flow of raw materials from project to project (i.e. 
trade flows between own work projects). for example: 
rubble, asphalt (with the exception of tar asphalt), 
concrete.
FSC wood
Wood/paper that carries the FSC  quality label of the 
fo rest st ewardship council (FSC). This proves that the 
timber comes from a forest that has been assessed 
independently by the FSC  and is found to be a 
well-managed forest according to standards relating to 
the environment, social conditions and the economy.
G
General procurement terms
The general terms that stipulate the conditions under 
which VolkerWessels procures products and/or services 
from its suppliers. These terms apply as much as 
possible from the moment that agreements are 
concluded with other parties.
GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
Internationally recognised standard for sustainability 
reporting.
H
Hours of training
Total number of hours of training that an employee has 
had, both in-house and externally. 
HR / HRM
Human Resources/Human Resources Management. 

Page 88:
88
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
SKAO
st ands for the Dutch foundation for climate-friendly 
Procurement and business. This foundation is 
responsible for all aspects of the CO ₂ performance 
ladder (its usage and further development, managing 
the certification schedule and expanding the number of 
participating sectors). 
Social Return
fo r VolkerWessels, social return is defined as every 
effort taken in its operations and in the execution of 
projects that enables people with an occupational 
disability or who are at a disadvantage on the labour 
market to participate in the labour market.
Supply chain
This is defined as the chain of all business activity 
needed to meet demand for products and services, 
from the extraction of raw materials to ultimate delivery 
to the end user. 
T
Temporary employee
ex amples include temps and seconded employees 
working under the direction of VolkerWessels but who 
do not have an employment contract with 
VolkerWessels or a subcontracting agreement.
Training amount 
Total amount spent on internal and external training, 
excluding VAT and travel expenses, including material 
costs, hours and other out-of-pocket expenses.
V
VCA  certificate
a Dutch health, safety and environmental ( HSE) checklist 
for contractors. a company that is VCA certified has an 
internal plan for HSE  aspects.
Resource management
The manner in which we as a company deal with our 
resources. Reducing and separating our waste flows so 
that they can be reused by ourselves or another party is 
given priority.
S
Scope 1, 2, 3 ( SKAO )
Scope 1 – Direct emissions by the own organisation, 
such as emissions from own gas consumption and 
emissions caused by the own fleet of vehicles.  
Scope 2 – Indirect emissions caused by the generation 
of electricity consumed by the organisation, such as 
emissions from the plants that supply this electricity.  
Scope 3 – Relates to other indirect emissions. These are 
a result of the activities of the organisation but arise 
from sources that are not owned or managed by the 
organisation. examples include emissions generated by 
the production of procured materials, waste processing, 
and the use phase of workproducts or, services or 
supplies provided by the company. 
Secondary material
Material emitted after the end of the life cycle which is 
reused after being processed by including it in a product 
instead of primary materials. 
Sickness absence rate
Indicates which part of working capacity was not 
utilised in a certain period due to sick leave. This is the 
most common measure of sick leave within an 
organisation. The rate is based on calendar days. 
The sickness absence rate is calculated based on the 
average number of VolkerWessels employees/ FTEs 
excluding temporary employees.
P
PlusWonen home
su stainable home built as part of the ‘PlusWonen’ home 
construction concept and label developed by 
VolkerWessels.
Project
a temporary location where a job is carried out.
PSO
The Dutch social enterprise Performance ladder 
PSO  score
Measure of sustainable and social enterprise in which 
people employed in the social return target group act as 
the indicator. The score is the average weighted number 
of people who are at a disadvantage on the labour 
market in relation to the total number of FTE s, expressed 
as a percentage.
R
Recycling rate
Indicates which percentage of the total amount of 
waste (excluding hazardous waste) is separated when 
gathering waste and subsequently recycled when 
processing it. 
Residual flow
That part of the waste flow from private individuals, 
institutions and companies that remains after all usable 
and recyclable waste flows have been removed from the 
main flow. The residual flow at VolkerWessels is the 
flow that remains after the customary resources (e.g. 
concrete granulate, metal, paper, cardboard, sand and 
timber) are removed from the main flow.

Page 89:
89
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
W
Waste
a combination of residual waste flows which are reused, 
recycled, processed, sent to landfill or incinerated with 
energy being recovered. In other words, the residual 
flows that go through the waste processor or which are 
processed by one of our own companies so that they can 
be reused as raw materials (for example asphalt and 
concrete).
Waste separation rate
Indicates which percentage of overall building and 
demolition waste is separated in the process of 
gathering and processing waste (on site). This does not 
include hazardous waste. The waste separation rate is 
determined as follows: 
total waste (tonnes) –  
(commercial waste (tonnes) +  
building and demolition waste (tonnes)  x100%
total waste (tonnes)
Z
Zero-energy bill home
‘Zero-energy bill’ is defined as: ‘Housing units which 
are not connected to the gas grid, with an energy bill 
totalling €0 (after applied tax credit)’. These include 
Morgenwoning homes as well as a large number of 
Pluswoning homes. 
Legend
Quality of life
Health and wellbeing
na tural environment
Work and social activities
sa fety
Raw materials
em ployment
CO₂ and energy
com munity engagement
bi odiversity
Integrity

Page 90:
90
VolkerWessels Sustainability Report 2018
ab o U T  THIs RePoRT
CO lO P h ON
Koninklijke VolkerWessels NV
Podium 9
3826 PA ame rsfoort
PO bo x 2767
3800 GJ  ame rsfoort
T + 31 88 186 61 86
e csr@volkerwessels.com
I www.volkerwessels.com
We look forward to receiving your reactions to our 
su stainability Report at csr@volkerwessels.com
The Dutch version of the sustainability Report is the 
audited, leading version. In case of textual 
contradictions, the Dutch version shall prevail.
co mposition
VolkerWessels | corporate social Responsibility
Primum, amersfoort
Domani BV, The Hague
Photography
Rindert van den Toren
Marina Kemp
sa nne Terlouw
Date 
4 March 2019

Page 91:
Koninklijke VolkerWessels NV
Podium 9
3826 PA ame rsfoort
Postbus 2767
3800 GJ ame rsfoort
T + 31 88 186 61 86
e csr@volkerwessels.com
I www.volkerwessels.com

