Page 1:
SUSTAINABILIT Y REPOR T 2013
 •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •
•      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •    
•      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •
•      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •   
 •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •
•      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •       •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •      •   
Connecting 
people 

Page 2:
Contents
Cover: Vopak Singapore - Banyan Terminal
2Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance 3
Vopak on Vopak 4
Key figures 5
Message from the Executive Board 6
Profile 8
What we do 9
Products and services 12
Our customers 12
How we work 12
Mission and strategy 13
Strategy 14
Sustainability strategy 15
Principles on sustainability 17
Reporting scope 19
Boundary protocol 19
Capacity developments 19
Change in scope and measurement 20
Transparency 20
Reconciliation to Vopak Annual 
Report 20
Governance 22
Governance 23
Ethics and conduct 24
Awards received in 2013 25
Our stories 26
Robot Power 27
Environmental plastic 29
Reduction of steam 31
Water works 33
Stars of safety campaign 35
Sustainability performance 37
Safety and health 38
Environmental care 42
Responsible partner 47
Excellent people 52
Innovation 55
Strategy on innovation 56
Terminaling in the future 57
Social innovation 57
Commercial innovation 58
Technological innovation 58
Projects 58
Knowledge sharing 59
Other information 60
Assurance report 61
GRI index 63
Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures 68
Glossary 71

Page 3:
At a glance

Page 4:
Vopak on Vopak
The infographics on this page are based on the reporting scope of this Sustainability Report.
4Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance   |   Vopak on Vopak

Page 5:
Key figures
2013 2012
Safety & Health
Fatalities, own employees & contractors 1 2
Sickness absence rate own employees (%) 2.0 2.1
TIR own employees & contractors (per million hours worked) 1.8 2.0
LTIR own employees & contractors (per million hours worked) 0.6 0.7
Environmental Care
Direct energy consumption by primary source (TJ) 3,776 4,033
Indirect energy consumption by primary source (TJ) 3,366 2,744
Land adjacent to protected areas (% numbers of terminals) 83 85
Total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by weight (kTons CO2 equivalent) 503 469
Total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions per cbm storage (kg/cbm) 18.1 1 7. 2
Total number of significant spills 48 56
Total amount of spills (in 2013 reported in tons, in 2012 in cbm) 558 334
Total number of contaminations 19 30
Total number of fires 26 40
Responsible partner
Revenues (in EUR millions) 1,295.2 1,313.9
Significant financial assistance received from government (in EUR millions) 4.3 0.5
% investment with human rights screened. 100 N.R.1
% of business units analyzed for corruption risks. 100 N.R.1
Excellent people
Total number of employees 6,088 6,209
Total number of incidents of discrimination, fraud and corruption and actions taken 8 6
Monetary value of significant fines for permit violations (in EUR thousands) 170 N.R.1
1. Not reported
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 5
At a glance   |   Vopak on Vopak

Page 6:
Message from the Vopak Executive Board
At Vopak, we have a collective ambition. We want to be recognized for our outstanding performance on 
safety, health and environment. Our aim is not only to be the world leader in independent tank storage 
when measured by size and earnings, but also to be the world leader in our industry with respect to 
sustainability and service offering.
2013 was a challenging year. Our ambition was to exceed our record 2012 financial results, continuing on 
the growth path we have pursued since 2003. However, the new economic reality demanded adjustment 
from all our stakeholders and forced us to alter our outlook during the year, as Vopak did not grow its 
earnings for the first time in ten years. We ended the year with earnings slightly below those of 2012. 
Vopak’s continued focus on service improvements and cost management contributed to a healthy EBITDA 
margin development in 2013.
Regrettably, we suffered a contractor fatality in China during construction work in Dongguan. This sad 
event means, despite our realized personal and process safety improvements, we fell short of our 
commitment to zero incidents. 
Adapt to new realities
Each year provides new insights that we learn from. What struck us forcefully in 2013 was our ability 
to adapt to new realities. Once again, we witnessed a great organization with a strong company culture. 
This sustainability report gives a glimpse into the huge energy and passion that has made Vopak the 
world’s leading independent storage company. In 2013, we again improved our sustainability results 
compared to previous years.
Vopak has a long tradition of sustainable entrepreneurship. For almost 400 years, we have been an integral 
part of the societies in which we operate. During that long history, we have evolved into a globally active 
storage company with its roots in the Netherlands. Wherever we go, we seek to forge long-term 
relationships with our employees, business partners and local/regional stakeholders. Whenever we take 
the initiative to set up new business operations somewhere in the world, we enter into commitments for 
many decades to come. We take our responsibility for our people and our other stakeholders (customers, 
neighbors, partners, and suppliers), and in doing so, secure the long-term continuity of our business.
For Vopak, sustainability means personal and process safety for all employees and contractors, creating 
no negative environmental impact, acting as a responsible partner and supporting local communities and 
reporting according to the latest standards (GRI 3.1 .B+). 
6Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance   |   Message from the Executive Board

Page 7:
Society decides which hydrocarbons and chemicals it wants to use. As service provider, we take that 
as our starting point. It is our role to develop optimal solutions for the supply chains in which liquid bulk 
products are stored, transported, transshipped and handled; globally and locally. Regarding new, more 
sustainable energy and chemical products, our aim is to facilitate our customers in their introduction. 
Vopak therefore continuously optimizes its technical, operational and procedural capabilities for its 
customers and our employees and stakeholders, focusing on optimizing the positive effects on the 
local communities and minimizing the potential negative effects on the environment. We aim to reduce 
emissions to soil, water and air whilst minimizing the use of water and energy. 
We are supported in this by our open company culture; a culture we must treasure, nurture and pass on to 
all new colleagues.
We hope you find the Vopak sustainability report insightful and inspiring to read. 
The Executive Board 
Eelco Hoekstra (Chairman and CEO) 
Jack de Kreij (Vice-chairman and CFO) 
Frits Eulderink (COO)
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 7
At a glance   |   Message from the Executive Board

Page 8:
Profile
Vopak Terminal Vlaardingen (Netherlands)
Royal Vopak is the world’s largest independent liquid bulk tank storage service provider by capacity, 
specializing in the storage and handling of oil products, liquid chemicals and gases. The company operates 
79 terminals in 28 countries with a combined storage capacity of more than 30 million cubic meters.1 
Vopak’s terminals are strategically located for users in key ports along the major shipping routes. The 
majority of our customers are companies operating in the chemical and oil industries, for which Vopak 
stores a large variety of products destined for a wide range of industries and customers.
With almost 400 years of experience in storage and transshipment, Vopak understands the value 
of excellent service and our dedication to this is deeply embedded in our way of working. Our total 
commitment to our customers' success has resulted in long-term business relationships. We base 
our operations among others on the principles of transparency, loyalty, commitment and mutual trust.
Vopak's annual turnover in 2013 was EUR 1 .3 billion. We are a publicly-traded company with a listing 
on NYSE Euronext Amsterdam (ticker symbol: VPK). At end 2013, Vopak had a market capitalization of 
EUR 5.4 billion. Including our joint ventures, we employ an international workforce of more than 
6,000 people.
Sustainability is an integral part of Vopak’s business processes and operations. This is reflected by our 
consistent application and enforcement of strict standards, rules, codes and procedures, such as those 
concerning safety, health and environment. Our standards are in keeping with the most professional oil 
and petro-chemical companies, which constitute a major part of Vopak’s customer base. The Vopak 
standards comply as a minimum with local legislation and regulations.
Our people
Strategically-located terminals coupled with state-of-the-art technologies are critical, but it is our people 
who can make the real difference. We continuously invest in the training and development of our 
employees worldwide; not only to improve their career possibilities and strengthen their dedication 
to Vopak’s strategic goals (growth leadership, operational excellence and customer leadership), but also 
to focus on their personal development. All over the world, our customers can count on the talent of 
our dedicated professionals and their commitment to service.
1 Based on the reporting scope of this Sustainability Report.
8Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance   |   Profile

Page 9:
The organization
Vopak is organized into four geographical divisions: Netherlands, EMEA, Asia and Americas. The former 
divisions North America and Latin America were merged into the Americas division as of 1 May 2013. 
A separate global business unit exists for the worldwide LNG terminal activities.
The divisions work closely with one another, sharing knowledge, expertise, and best practices. Combined 
with global functional departments and global leadership teams, we believe we can respond rapidly, 
creatively and effectively to changing customers' needs and market developments.
In a number of countries we have teamed up with strong partners, often local companies, to deliver our 
services to customers in these markets and thus to jointly benefit from opportunities for growth. Vopak 
teams up with joint ventures and associates for a number of alliance reasons. Through the cooperation 
with strategic partners we can leverage our partners’ local knowledge and contacts. In some jurisdictions 
cooperation with a local partner is required, for instance due to foreign ownership restrictions. Sometimes 
Vopak sets up joint ventures and associates with pre-committed customers to secure occupancy at a 
terminal. To ensure we meet customer expectations of a consistent service quality on a global basis, 
we apply the Vopak operational and safety standards at all our joint venture facilities as well.
What we do
Vopak operates bulk liquids storage terminals in key strategic ports. We own and operate specialized 
facilities including product tanks, jetties, truck loading stations and pipelines, and provide access to road 
and rail networks. In many instances, we store our customers’ products for extended periods at our 
terminals, often under strictly specified conditions such as controlled temperatures. Vopak also blends 
components according to customer specifications.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 9
At a glance   |   Profile

Page 10:
The following map illustrates the global presence of Vopak terminals:
Vopak’s terminals play a key role in bringing our customers' products from the production plant or 
feedstock production sites via tank terminals to end-user locations respectively production plants as 
they transit through ports. Our independent tank terminal network is responsible for storage and 
transshipment. Vopak works closely with other service providers engaged by its customers, such as 
shipping companies.
Vopak in the supply chain:
At the heart of Vopak's business model is the economic principle to provide common infrastructure to 
many different customers and to benefit from economies of scale and utilization rates. We focus on our 
core activity – tank terminals services – thereby enabling our customers to focus on their own core 
activities. Our customers also benefit from the flexibility provided by purchasing independent storage 
as needed, i.e., the ability to use customized contract durations.
10Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance   |   Profile

Page 11:
Vopak operates three types of terminals:
•	 Hub terminal: This type of terminal engages in import, distribution and export of liquid bulk products at 
a global meeting point for trade and provides access to the market. The hub terminal provides a vital link 
for incoming and outgoing global product flows. Our main hub locations are Amsterdam, Rotterdam 
and Antwerp (ARA) in Northwest Europe, Houston (US), Fujairah (United Arab Emirates) and Singapore. 
An example of a main hub location is Vopak Terminal Europoort in Rotterdam (Netherlands);
•	 Import/export terminal: This type of terminal stores products that are either imported or exported for 
end-users in a specific region. This type of terminal acts as a point of origin for inland distribution by 
inland shipping, pipeline, tank truck or rail (including regasification in the case of LNG). Alternatively, it 
acts as a collection point for small parcels, originating from an inland production facility, to create a large 
parcel for overseas export. An example of an import terminal is Vopak Terminal London (UK);
•	 Industrial terminal: This type of terminal provides a logistical center integrated via pipelines to the 
petrochemical facilities within an industrial complex. Within the complex, it supports product flows and 
the supply and export of feedstock and finished products. An example of an industrial terminal is Vopak 
Terminal Sakra in Singapore.
Products and services 
At the terminals operated by Vopak, a wide variety of liquid bulk products are stored. Those products are 
classified in four groups: oil products, chemicals and LPG, biofuels and vegetable oils, and LNG. 
•	 Oil products (such as crude oil, gasoline, naphtha, diesel and fuel oil) are mainly stored in large-size 
tanks;
•	 Chemical products (such as methanol, xylene, MEG and styrene) are typically stored in smaller tank 
sizes. Chemical products often require specific storage conditions such as controlled temperature 
conditions or atmospheres. LPG is a highly flammable product and is stored in refrigerated tanks at 
about minus 40°C or in bullets under high pressure;     
•	 Biofuels and vegetable oils: bio-ethanol is often stored in the same size tanks as chemicals and requires 
similar specific storage conditions. Bio-diesel and vegetable oils are often stored in the same size tanks 
with less restricted storage conditions than chemicals;     
•	 LNG is stored in specially-designed full containment large tanks and is cooled at atmospheric pressure 
to about minus 160°C.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 11
At a glance   |   Profile

Page 12:
In general, one customer rents one tank for one product during the contract period. However, we also 
apply co-mingled storage, where multiple customers use similar capacity for a product, provided that the 
product specification is equal and customers agree on this optimization mechanism. When properly 
cleaned when changing products, some tanks can be used for multiple products which provide flexibility 
in storage capacity. The wide variety of liquid bulk products that we can store attracts customers that 
produce or trade more than one type of product. 
We also offer additional (handling) services at our terminals. Examples of these are blending two products, 
mixing additives into a product, applying a nitrogen blanket on top of a product to push out oxygen, 
heating or cooling products and loading or unloading ships, railcars and trucks. At many locations, we 
can also assist our customers with customs formalities and documentation.
Our customers
The majority of our customers are generally active in the chemical and oil industries. They include national 
and international chemical and oil companies, governments, downstream distributors, utility providers 
and traders of oil products, chemicals, biofuels and vegetable oils. 
These customers can be divided into three large categories by revenue, which were of approximately 
equal size in 2013: global customers (active at multiple locations in Vopak’s global network), regional 
customers (active at more than one location within a region) and local customers (active at one location). 
Vopak has a specific approach and offering for each of these customer categories and we offer global 
and regional network accounts.
Our top 10 major customers accounted for approximately 36% of gross revenues in 2013. No individual 
customer contributed more than 7% of gross revenues in 2013. The products Vopak stores on our behalf 
of our customer are used in a broad range of related industries. Our terminals support and optimize the 
reliability and efficiency of our customers’ logistic processes.
How we work
Vopak’s ambition is to maintain a leading culture of safety, flawless execution and operational excellence. 
We believe we can only achieve this by acting according to the Vopak Values. These seven values embody 
the behaviors that guide our employees in their day-to-day work, by acting with professionalism, a focus 
on service, integrity, improvement, agility, ownership and passion. 
Our organization works closely together to share knowledge across our global network. We identify and 
address key developments quickly and adapt our business to changing circumstances. 
We operate with the philosophy of a global company driven by local entrepreneurship. In short, this 
facilitates applying a global brand, standards, systems, market knowledge and operational capabilities 
in the local competitive landscape. We continually seek to improve and expand our terminal network, 
particularly in strategically-located ports.
12Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
At a glance   |   Profile

Page 13:
Mission and strategy
Vopak Brazil - Alemoa Terminal 
A growing geographic imbalance exists, at both a regional and a global level, between the areas of 
production and (industrial) consumption of oil and gas products, chemicals, biofuels and vegetable oils. 
As a result, there is a robust demand for the physical transportation and efficient and safe storage and 
handling of these products. This has led to a growing demand for solid infrastructures that seamlessly link 
the logistics networks of producers, traders and distributors. The need for storage and handling services 
at critical locations is further intensified by new players in the market, the liberalization of previously closed 
economies and a demand that is increasingly becoming more specific for each country. Independent 
storage and handling facilities can reduce the pressure on logistics systems and contribute towards the 
reliability and efficiency of regional and global supply chains. The most important requirements for storage 
are the right logistic locations, a strong focus on sustainability and safety, reliable and efficient services 
and the ability of anticipating changes to the required efficient service in a flexible manner.
Vopak’s mission is to make a sustainable contribution to efficient logistics processes for our customers 
by being the leading provider of independent, optimum tank terminal infrastructure at locations that are 
critical to Vopak’s customers in all regions of the world. 
To achieve our mission, we continue to invest in the further growth of our global network, in continuous 
operational improvements, and in our customer service. Vopak has developed a strategy to realize that 
mission. This strategy rests on three pillars: 
•	 Growth leadership: our ability to identify and secure the right locations for our terminals;
•	 Operational excellence: constructing, owning, operating and maintaining terminals to deliver services 
at competitive costs in local markets; 
•	 Customer leadership: creating long-term sustainable relationships with customers and healthy 
occupancy rates of terminals against attractive rates. 
A sustainable foundation lies at the basis of all three pillars.
Vopak’s strategy is executed through focused strategic initiatives and internal sharing of best-practices to 
further improve existing operational processes. All this is supported by an ongoing evaluation process of 
possible changes to worldwide product flows, intensive collaboration with customers, effective knowledge 
sharing within the Vopak network at a global level, strategic collaboration with various partners and 
consulting experts in wide-ranging areas for improvement.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 13
At a glance   |   Mission and strategy

Page 14:
Strategy

Page 15:
Sustainability strategy
Vopak Singapore - Banyan Terminal
Our objective is to create value and be a strong link in the sustainable supply chain of our customers. 
We want to contribute to optimizing these supply chains in the most sustainable manner. This means that 
with regards to sustainability, our performance should compare favorably to the sustainability performance 
of our leading customers. 
For Vopak, sustainability means a profitable operation with added value for all its stakeholders and without 
causing any negative social or environmental impact. We strive to reduce consumption of natural 
resources, energy and water, as well as to reduce emissions and spills to soil, air and surface water. 
We strive to minimize the negative impact and maximize the positive impact on the community.
Together with our stakeholders, we have identified four sustainability themes for our social, environmental 
and economic efforts:
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 15
Strategy   |   Sustainability strategy

Page 16:
Safety and health
Safety is our first priority. We see it as our responsibility to provide a safe and healthy workplace for Vopak 
employees and for our contractors. Continuously improving working conditions and monitoring the 
effectiveness of controls are fundamental to our Safety, Health and Environmental policy. 
Environmental care
Vopak aims to be a responsible neighbor. Our objective is to continue reducing emissions to the 
environment (minimizing our footprint), not only to soil and water but also vapor emissions, carbon 
emissions in the air, odors and noise. In pursuing this objective, we consistently adhere to guidelines 
set out in operating licenses, legislation and our own global standards. 
Responsible partner
Vopak recognizes its responsibility for the social, environmental and economic consequences of its 
activities across the entire supply chain. Our suppliers do not directly contribute to our core process 
of service delivery to our customers, yet they are involved in support processes, such as maintenance 
and construction projects. This is why we require them to commit to our standards and values. 
Excellent people
Our ambitions and the high-quality service we aim for starts with our people. Vopak invests in long-term 
relationships with our employees and in creating a work environment that brings out their talents and 
skills. We devote attention to areas such as job satisfaction, personal development, competitive terms of 
employment and a good work-life balance. We install the Vopak spirit, loyalty and enthusiasm in our many 
different nationalities by being inclusive, setting clear targets and managing performance.
16Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Strategy   |   Sustainability strategy

Page 17:
Principles on sustainability
Vopak Brazil - Aratu Terminal
Safety
Safety is our top priority. We constantly update our initiatives to improve personal and process safety. 
In this process of continuous improvement, we actively involve our business partners and customers, 
both directly and by participating in national and international sector organizations. (For more details, 
see Safety and Health section) 
Environment
Vopak aims to be a responsible neighbor. Our objective is to further reduce emissions to the environment 
(minimize footprint), not only to soil and water but also to reduce gaseous emissions, odors and noise. 
In pursuing this objective, we consistently adhere to guidelines set out in operating licenses, legislation 
and our own global standards. (For more details, see Environmental care section). 
Ethics and integrity
At Vopak, we have the responsibility towards all stakeholders to operate ethically and with integrity in 
every area of our activities. Integrity has always been, and will continue to be, the key to establishing and 
maintaining our reputation. Like our employees, facilities and the services we provide, it is a critical asset. 
Vopak’s business principles, based on integrity, are laid down in our Code of Conduct.
Human rights
Vopak respects human rights as described in the United Nation's Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and accepts the responsibility of ensuring that all our entities respect human rights when conducting 
business. Therefore Vopak ensures that our partners, (main) contractors, suppliers and employees are by 
agreement bound to the Vopak Code of Conduct. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 17
Strategy   |   Principles on sustainability

Page 18:
Fair treatment of employees
Vopak endorses the principles of the United Nations’ International Labour Organization. We have long 
been  committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for our employees.
Communities
Vopak is committed to being a good neighbor and engaging with the communities living close to our 
operations. We behave as a responsible citizen and work to minimize the negative impact of our 
operations. We aim to support communities, for instance by improving the infrastructure adjacent to 
our facilities. We are committed to source locally as much as possible. (See also Community involvement 
section)
Sustainable suppliers and customers
Vopak works with customers and suppliers to maintain long-term partnerships and ensure continuous 
improvement in our approach to sustainability. We aim to be the supplier of choice based on our service 
quality and sustainability. Likewise, we aim to choose suppliers whose commitment to sustainability 
matches our own. (See also Business partners section). 
Sustainable services
Vopak delivers its services in accordance with stringent safety and environmental standards and in 
cooperation with the local authorities in the areas in which we operate. By continuously assessing 
and improving the condition of our terminals, we are able to maintain the highest level of quality for 
our stakeholders. (See also Business partners section).
18Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Strategy   |   Principles on sustainability

Page 19:
Reporting scope
Boundary protocol
The reporting period covered by this Sustainability Report is the 2013 calendar year and this report builds 
on our previous annual Sustainability Reports. 
For this report, Vopak has consolidated data from all terminals under our operational control and from 
terminals that report voluntarily. Terminals under operational control apply Vopak´s operational standards, 
adhere to Vopak´s Code of Conduct and are part of the three-year cycle of Vopak´s so-called terminal health 
assessments. Other terminals are not consolidated in this sustainability report. 
Considering the possible impacts on Vopak's business, both LNG terminals – Gate terminal (Netherlands) 
and Altamira LNG Terminal (Mexico) – report voluntarily.
Vopak Terminals Korea and Engro Vopak Terminal in Pakistan have been under Vopak's operational control 
for sustainability reporting purposes since 2012. Comparative data pertaining to 2011, 2010 and 2009 are 
not restated. 
T erminals and capacity in scope
Divisions
Number of 
terminals
Capacity 
(in million 
cbm)
Netherlands 9 8.4
Europe, Middle East & Africa 21 8.0
Asia (including China) 28 7. 3
Americas 19 3.2
LNG 2 0.8
T otal 79 27 .7
Reporting on capacity developments
Vopak is a growing company that makes investments and divestments. The sustainability reporting on 
those acquired and divested terminals follows these principles:
Greenfield  
Undeveloped land that is acquired to build a new terminal is directly in reporting scope from the first day 
of acquisition.
Acquisitions  
When a terminal is acquired and operations are continued, there will be a grace period of one calendar 
year before the terminal is in scope of sustainability reporting. During this year, all data must be reported 
and monitored in our internal Hyperion reporting system.
Brownfield  
When an existing terminal is expanded, the entity is directly in scope of sustainability reporting.
Divestment  
When terminals are divested, they fall outside the scope of sustainability reporting as of 1 January 
of that year.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 19
Strategy   |   Reporting scope   |   Boundary protocol

Page 20:
Changes in scope and measurement
The significant changes relating to the scope, boundary and measurement methods used in 2013 
versus the 2012 reporting period, are divestments in: 
•	 Vopak Terminal San Antonio (Chile);
•	 Vopak Oxiquim - Mejillones Terminal (Chile);
•	 Xiamen Paktank (China);
•	 Vopak Terminal Ecuador (Ecuador);
•	 Vopak Terminals Pasir Gudang (Malaysia);
•	 Vopak Terminal Petroleumhaven (Netherlands).
When a divestments is made, Vopak ensures the employees working at the specific terminal are 
transferred under the same contractual circumstances as they had under Vopak management. 
T ransparency 
We aim to be clear and transparent towards our stakeholders about the Sustainability Policy we pursue, 
its  results and our own aspirations. 
To this end, our reports on Vopak’s sustainability performance are aligned with the sustainability reporting 
guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The 2013 Sustainability Report is based upon the 
GRI 3.1 .B+ guidelines, which were created to promote globally uniform, measurable reports in the 
economic, social and environmental domains. Reports published after 31 December 2015 should be 
prepared under the new GRI 4 reporting guidelines. 
Informing stakeholders about Vopak’s performance and improvements has two benefits: 
•	 It demonstrates transparency and credibility in the way Vopak manages its sustainability issues;
•	 It creates a dialogue with stakeholders and the communities in which Vopak operates, which helps 
us to gain insights and improve our performance in the area of sustainability.  
Our interpretation of people, planet and profit, and our acknowledgement of their interdependence, is 
measured in 22 selected GRI key performance indicators (KPIs) that we report on. These reflect our 
performance in areas that are relevant to Vopak, and for which consistent information is available internally. 
The KPIs address economic, environmental and social performance areas.
20Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Strategy   |   Reporting scope   |   Boundary protocol

Page 21:
Reconciliation to Vopak Annual Report 
As a result of the boundary protocol applied in this Sustainability Report which is different from the 
consolidation principles applied in the Annual Report, differences exist between the two reports. 
Below these differences are stipulated and explained.
T erminals in scope/out of scope
Capacity expansion
Capacity was expanded exclusively by means of increase of storage capacity at existing terminals, 
divestments and acquisitions.
•	 Consolidated companies:  0.4 million cbm
•	 Joint ventures: 0 million cbm
•	 Total expansion: 0.4 million cbm 
T otal storage capacity
Number of employees
The basic starting point in the Vopak sustainability program, is that every person working at a Vopak 
operated entity, is counted as one person.
Therefore, all reported employees in this report are based on headcount, whereas the number of 
employees in the Annual Report is reported in FTE’s.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 21
Strategy   |   Reporting scope   |   Boundary protocol

Page 22:
Governance

Page 23:
Governance
Vopak Horizon Fujairah Ltd (UAE)
Vopak has a two-tier governance structure, consisting of an Executive Board and a Supervisory Board:
•	 The Executive Board is responsible for the management of the company and for the determination and 
realization of its strategic and other objectives. These include those for health, safety, the environment 
(part of sustainability), quality, strategy and policy, as well as the related development of results; 
•	 The Supervisory Board reviews Vopak’s overall performance, including the policies pursued and results 
achieved by the Executive Board, the company’s situation, and its statements.  
For more information on governance at Vopak, please see the governance section in our 2013 Annual 
Report.
The Supervisory Board also reviews the strategy of Vopak, as proposed by the Executive Board. Similarly, 
it approves important proposals for capital expenditure, acquisitions and divestments, changes in financial 
and other corporate policies and the annual budget. The Supervisory Board also evaluates the performance 
of the Executive Board as a whole and of its individual members, and proposes to the AGM any changes 
to the composition of the Executive Board. Similarly, the Supervisory Board annually reviews its own 
performance and proposes new appointments and the departure of existing Supervisory Board members 
to the AGM. Finally, the Supervisory Board ensures the company’s policies are formulated and pursued 
in the interest of all its stakeholders, including shareholders and employees, and that these policies are 
sustainable and meet the highest ethical standards. 
The members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board are appointed by the Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on the basis of a non-binding recommendation by the Supervisory Board. 
The AGM is also authorized to suspend and dismiss members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory 
Board.
Vopak has evaluated its corporate governance setup against the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the 
Code) and concluded that it satisfies the principles and best practice provisions of the Code applied in 
2013, with six exceptions, which are explained in the special section in our Annual Report. Two members 
of the Supervisory Board (Mr Van der Vorm and Mr Van den Driest) are considered non-independent 
members, according to the criteria of the Code. The other four members are independent according to 
the Code’s criteria. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 23
Governance   |   Governance

Page 24:
Vopak shareholders can provide recommendations and directions to the Executive Board at the AGM 
and at other shareholder meetings. Regular analyst meetings and investor roadshows also provide the 
Executive Board with valuable insights. Shareholder resolutions may be passed at the AGM, within 
the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code.
Detailed information on all Executive Board and Supervisory Board members of Vopak is provided in 
a special section in our 2013 Annual Report. 
Management approach
The Executive Board is formally responsible for the implementation of Vopak’s Sustainability Policy. This 
responsibility is delegated along operational lines to division management and to the management of 
the operating companies. Within the Executive Board, it is the responsibility of the Chief Operating Officer 
(COO) to guide overall implementation in collaboration with the Global Director Operations & Technology, 
in close cooperation with the divisional operations directors. All Vopak employees bear their own 
responsibility for sustainability as laid down in the Vopak Code of Conduct and Sustainability Policy.
Ethics and Conduct
At Vopak, we understand and take seriously our responsibility towards all stakeholders to operate ethically 
and with integrity in every area of our activities. 
The Vopak Values 
One of Vopak’s objectives is to preserve the continuity of the company by maintaining a strong financial 
foundation and conducting a long-term profitable business in a responsible manner. To achieve this, 
we invest in sustainable growth by balancing short-term and long-term interests with due care and respect 
for our stakeholders – including customers, employees, shareholders, joint venture partners, neighbors 
and suppliers – and the environment.
We consider it vital that Vopak employees understand and share Vopak’s values, and consistently abide 
by them when conducting business. In brief, the seven Vopak Values are:
•	 Professionalism: always striving for the highest standards;
•	 Service: our most important product; we always aim to deliver what we promise; 
•	 Integrity: the basis for lasting relationships;
•	 Improvement: through open communication, creativity and continuous assessment of results; 
•	 Agility: adaptability, flexibility and alertness in order to act rapidly and skillfully;
•	 Ownership: to take responsibility and initiative in the best interest of the customer and the company;
•	 Passion: enthusiasm, loyalty and commitment; we believe in what we do. 
24Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Governance   |   Governance

Page 25:
Code of Conduct
Integrity is and has always been key to our reputation. Like our employees, facilities and the services we 
provide, it is considered a critical asset. Integrity is at the heart of Vopak’s business principles, which are 
laid down in our Code of Conduct. This code reflects our company values and sets out how we aim to do 
business in a responsible and sustainable manner. It details Vopak’s principles on: 
•	 Free enterprise and fair competition;
•	 Legal compliance; 
•	 Human rights;
•	 Business integrity;
•	 Communication; 
•	 Biodiversity; 
•	 Employees and community; 
•	 Fraud prevention, reporting and investigation; 
•	 Anti-corruption. 
Processes related to the Code of Conduct
 Vopak has rules of conduct relating to suspected irregularities, the so-called whistle-blower regulation. 
If Vopak employees or other stakeholders have a concern about how to behave properly in a specific 
situation at Vopak, its subsidiaries or joint ventures with management control, they can raise that concern 
with their superior or the person designated by the Executive Board for this purpose. Any concern raised 
shall be promptly and discreetly addressed with due care and respect.
In 2013, eight cases of fraud were identified at our terminals. In all of these cases the appropriate 
measures were taken, and five people left the company as a result. 
Conflict of interest
Vopak employees are expected to avoid all situations in which their personal or financial interests may 
conflict with the company’s interest, or interfere with effective job performance. Vopak accepts that its 
employees may have private financial and/or business interests in addition to their professional activities 
within Vopak. However, to the extent that these interests may directly or indirectly interface with activities 
of Vopak companies, employees are requested to report such interests to their superiors or the person 
designated by the Executive Board (the General Counsel & Corporate Secretary in Rotterdam), and to keep 
a record of this. 
Awards
Vopak received the following awards in 2013:
•	 Vopak Terminals Terquimsa (Spain): the Community of Tarragona Port has awarded Vopak Terminal 
Terquimsa with their ‘Environment and Sustainability’ annual prize. These prizes are given by the 
Association for Tarragona Port Development amongst all the stakeholders related to the Port. Things like 
‘SHE Day’ or the marine pollution prevention tests carried out jointly with the authorities were decisive 
to win the award;
•	 Kertih Terminal (Malaysia): 2013 marks the third consecutive year where Kertih Terminal received the 
prestigious Malaysian Society of Occupational Safety and Health (MSOSH) Grand Award for superior 
occupational safety and health performance at the national level in the Logistics and Transportation 
category. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 25
Governance   |   Governance

Page 26:
 
Our stories 
Starts of  
safety campaign
The story by  
Carlos Medina
Robot Power 
The story by  
Ron Bakker
We have chosen a few real-life examples that show  
why we are proud of what we do and the way we work
Environmental 
Plastic
The story by  
Piet Hoogerwaard
Reduction 
of steam
The story by  
Mohamed Ezzahiri
Water works 
The story by  
Lars Schaumann
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 26

Page 27:
Robot power
Oil, gas and petrochemical plants require regular inspections. But 
to ensure the safety of the inspectors, it’s essential to shut down 
the plants while they are being assessed. And that’s a time-
consuming, risky and complex business.
The story by Ron Bakker
Robot
Power 
To develop robots that can replace humans  
in inspections of storage tanks.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 27

Page 28:
But what if robots could do this essential work instead of humans?
Vopak is part of a consortium that, together with the European 
Commission, launched the Petrobot project in September 2013. 
The ground-breaking project aims to develop robots that can replace 
humans in inspections of pressure vessels and storage tanks.
Safer, easier, cheaper
“ At present, no inspection can start until you’ve performed a complex 
shutdown procedure, ” explains Ron Bakker, Petrobot project leader 
for Vopak. “To keep inspectors safe, it’s not enough just to close a 
valve: you have to decouple the storage tank from live sections of the plant. Storage tanks are ventilated 
and cleaned extensively to remove all products that can emit flammable or toxic gases. ”
After the inspection – which often lasts several days – a lot of this work must be done in reverse. “Robotic 
technology will reduce the exposure of staff to potentially hazardous conditions by performing inspections 
on ‘life’ storage tanks, meaning while the storage tank is still filled with product.
The technology will also save considerable time and resources. For example, up to 80% of the activities 
around inspecting storage tanks – closed containers that store gases or liquids at a pressure substantially 
different from that of the surrounding environment – are related to making the tank suitable for humans 
to enter. And that’s really significant when your top priority is safety, as it is at Vopak, ” says Ron.
New technologies
Petrobot involves partners from the Netherlands, the UK, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland and Germany 
over a three-year period. The EU will contribute EUR 3.7 million to the EUR 6.2 million project.
The project consortium is led by Shell Global Solutions International. It groups companies from the entire 
value chain, including technology providers, inspection service companies and end-users. Consortium 
members are: Shell, Chevron, Gasco, Vopak, AIR, OCR, HIS, Quasset, Dekra and Innospection.
The project intends to develop and test several new technologies, including technology that will allow 
storage tanks to be inspected while they are in use. A crawler will enter the tank and scan the bottom 
for damage.
To inspect the interior of storage tanks, a robot in the shape of an arm or a crawler will enter via a manhole 
or a nozzle after the tank is taken off-line. The robot will then scan the tank wall for damage.
Specialist inspection tools allow the robots to detect damage to tank walls or floors, and are designed 
to have the same capacity as a human inspector.
The robots will be tested in the installations of the end-user consortium members, including Vopak. 
“If all goes well, we could start seeing robots conduct inspections from 2017 , ” concludes Ron.
“ If all goes well, we could start seeing robots conduct 
inspections from 2017 . ”
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 28

Page 29:
Cleaning up ‘plastic soup’
Plastic is made from oil - and at least some of the oil Vopak stores 
in its plants across the world may eventually end up as plastic 
waste in ports and oceans. Plastic marine debris, known as 
‘plastic soup’, is found on the surface of all the world’s oceans. 
These huge floating patches of waste are a threat to marine life. To help address this problem, Vopak, 
together with the Port of Rotterdam and the Plastic Soup Foundation, last year launched a project aimed at 
reducing the plastic waste that ships dump into the sea. 
“Our project is a modest step when you consider the scale of this global problem, but we believe it’s 
important to do whatever we can to help clean up ports and oceans, ” says Piet Hoogerwaard, Managing 
Director of Vopak Agencies in Rotterdam.
The story by Piet Hoogerwaard
Environmental
Plastic 
Vopak Agencies supports project on reducing  
plastic waste ships dump into the sea.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 29

Page 30:
Plastic back into oil
The project will take recycling a step further: instead of simply 
collecting plastic and processing it to give it a second life as plastic, 
Vopak and its partners aim to convert it back into oil. "The technique 
to do this was developed by Delft Technical University and is relatively 
simple and inexpensive, ” says Piet. 
Two hundred kilograms of plastic will yield one barrel of oil. This is 
done by heating the plastic to 270°C–380°C under high pressure at a 
plant to be built in 2014 in the port of Rotterdam. “Oil derived from 
plastic is of high quality and can be used for many purposes, including 
shipping fuel, ” Piet adds. "The sheer variety of plastics entering the waste stream creates sorting and 
recycling challenges. The advantages of this technique above recycling, is that all kinds of plastics - varying 
from rubber seals to PET flasks - can be processed without pre-treatments such as separating, resulting in 
a yield up to 98% of oil."
Valuable commodity
Raising awareness among crews of the 20,000 ships visiting Rotterdam each year is one of the project’s 
main aims. “Vopak Agencies offers full agency services for all possible types of vessels making it practical 
for our staff to distribute flyers made in cooperation with the Plastic Soup Foundation, explaining the 
damage caused by plastic thrown overboard. The flyer also points out that collecting plastic on board 
ships, and then disposing of it at special waste locations in port, can be lucrative. Turning it back into oil 
makes plastic a valuable commodity, ” Piet says. 
“It’s crucial to provide incentives to captains and their crew. Dealing with plastic waste responsibly 
requires a different way of thinking and I always tell captains about the problem and what they can do 
about it when I board ships. But it’s important for them to realize there’s something in it for them. ” 
Exactly how visiting ships will be compensated for collecting plastic waste is yet to be decided. They 
might be rewarded in cash, or gain points for every kilo of plastic turned back into oil, which could then 
give them a discount on a ship’s port dues. Vopak is determined to expand the project, starting with the 
ports of Amsterdam and Antwerp. “We have a large network of shipping agencies that we can use to 
distribute flyers and other information to enhance awareness about plastic soup and the recycling 
program. Wherever there’s an opportunity to help put a halt to the plastic soup, we’ll try to seize it. ”
Valuable commodity
Raising awareness among crews of the 20,000 ships visiting Rotterdam each year is one of the project’s 
main aims. “Vopak Agencies offers full agency services for all possible types of vessels making it practical 
for our staff to distribute flyers made in cooperation with the Plastic Soup Foundation, explaining the 
damage caused by plastic thrown overboard. The flyer also points out that collecting plastic on board 
ships, and then disposing of it at special waste locations in port, can be lucrative. Turning it back into oil 
makes plastic a valuable commodity, ” Piet says. 
“It’s crucial to provide incentives to captains and their crew. Dealing with plastic waste responsibly 
requires a different way of thinking and I always tell captains about the problem and what they can do 
about it when I board ships. But it’s important for them to realize there’s something in it for them. ”  
Exactly how visiting ships will be compensated for collecting plastic waste is yet to be decided. 
They might be rewarded in cash, or gain points for every kilo of plastic turned back into oil, which could 
then give them a discount on a ship’s port dues. 
Vopak is determined to expand the project, starting with the ports of Amsterdam and Antwerp. “We have 
a large network of shipping agencies that we can use to distribute flyers and other information to enhance 
awareness about plastic soup and the recycling program. Wherever there’s an opportunity to help put 
a halt to the plastic soup, we’ll try to seize it. ”
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 30

Page 31:
Reducting steam production
To save energy, Vopak Terminal Botlek looked beyond the obvious 
technical improvements. It also involved its sales and cleaning 
staff, whose insights held the key to reducing energy 
consumption. The result was an 8-10% cut in the use of natural 
gas to keep products at the right temperature.
The story by Mohamed Ezzahiri
Reduction of steam 
To save energy, Vopak Terminal Botlek in Rotterdam looked beyond  
the obvious technical improvements.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 31

Page 32:
“We chose a holistic approach and it paid off, ” says Mohamed 
Ezzahiri, who coordinated the energy saving efforts at Vopak Terminal 
Botlek (Netherlands). “Usually we would not involve these 
departments in enhancing the energy efficiency of our operations, 
but it worked well. ”
Keeping products at the right temperature for safe storage and 
transport requires a significant amount of energy. To this end, we burn 
gas to make steam, and maintain an extensive system of steam pipes 
that transport the heat to the terminals. 
Thorough analysis
“When we started exploring energy savings, we thoroughly analyzed where and why heating is required, ” 
says Mohamed. The team soon noticed that although some of the tanks only required heating during the 
coldest winter months, the steam pipes at those locations were kept warm all year round. 
“We realized that if we knew which of the tanks did not need heating, we could idle those pipes. That was 
when we started talking to our sales people. They could identify tanks that would not need heating in the 
foreseeable future by looking at our client contracts. This allowed us to stop using the steam pipes to 
these locations, resulting in promising savings, ” Mohamed explains.
Cold water
In some instances, the steam was only used to clean tanks when they were empty. So the team worked 
with the cleaning staff to explore alternative methods. They found they could replace the steam with cold 
water, which is more energy efficient. More importantly, yet another stretch of the steam pipes could be 
dismantled, generating even more savings. 
Through these initiatives, Botlek reduced its use of natural gas by 300,000 cbm per year, on a total use 
of three to four million cbm.
“Because the project involved staff from so many different departments, it increased awareness at the 
terminal about responsible energy use, ” says Mohamed. “It was inspiring to see how motivated both the 
sales people and cleaning staff were to help us find ways to be more energy efficient. They kept going, 
even when they encountered obstacles. ”
“ Based on this positive outcome, we will continue 
to explore energy-saving opportunities and we’ll 
seize them with the help of whoever can contribute. ”
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 32

Page 33:
Water works
With terminals in 79 locations around the world, Vopak is 
close to many local communities. As part of our commitment 
to those communities, we support projects that address their 
specific needs, as well as global projects such as 
the Vopak Water Program. 
The story by Lars Schaumann
Water works 
Thai Tank Terminal integrated 
the Vopak Water Program.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 33

Page 34:
Nearly a billion people worldwide have no access to clean, fresh 
water. Since 2010, through our Water for Growth program, Vopak has 
provided safe drinking water for some 10,000 people.
Given that Vopak works with liquids and water management is an 
important element of our environmental commitment, it’s no surprise 
this program is close to our hearts. 
Perfect fit
“Our terminals are located on water, our supply chain depends on it 
and our core business is handling liquid bulk products, ” says Lars 
Schaumann, Deputy Managing Director of Vopak’s Thai Tank Terminal. 
“What’s more, we develop, construct, operate and maintain solid infrastructure-expertise that can make a 
real difference in countries where there is no water infrastructure. ”
What began as an initiative by managers from Vopak EMEA to establish a water supply in Tanzania has 
been taken up by other regions worldwide. In 2013, the Thai Tank Terminal in the Gulf of Thailand integrated 
the Vopak Water Program into its local corporate social responsibility activities. 
Vital resource
“For many years, CSR activities have played an important role in our terminal operations, ” says Lars. 
“The Water Program is a perfect fit: it has a clear connection to our business, supports the local 
communities and deals with a natural resource that is vital for everyone. ”
Clean water and sanitation enable communities to develop. With these elements in place, everything else 
follows: better health, education and improved economic prospects. For its first project, Thai Tank Terminal 
chose to upgrade and repair the sanitation facilities at a nearby kindergarten and primary school for around 
580 local children.
Around 40 employees – the terminal’s entire CSR team – jumped in to help a subcontractor with the 
renovation work. They worked on the project during the April holidays so that when the youngest pupils 
returned to school they had working toilets and running water.
The new facilities were officially delivered to the school’s headmaster at the end of May.
“Our CSR approach is to work with the residents of our 18 neighboring communities on sustainable 
projects such as this one at Chak Luk Ya School, ” says Lars. 
“We’re now looking for our next project. This could be further sanitation upgrades at this or another 
school, or something similar at a local wat (temple). ” 
“ What’s more, we develop, construct, operate and maintain 
solid infrastructure-expertise that can make a real difference 
in countries where there is no water infrastructure. ”
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 34

Page 35:
“Hey Dad, do you have your permit?” 
 
Vopak’s Puerto Cabello Terminal in Venezuela is driving home its 
safety message through the youngest people in the Vopak family: 
the children of its employees. The youngsters are the stars of 
a safety campaign to raise awareness of the Vopak Fundamentals 
– the minimum safety requirements for our operational activities. 
The story by Carlos Medina
Stars of safety
campaign 
Safety message through the children of Vopak Venezuela employees.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 35

Page 36:
“Family comes first in Latin America, ” says HR Manager 
Carmen Herrera. “People might not always listen to their managers, 
but they listen to their wives and their children. That’s why we 
decided to build a campaign around the family. ”
The campaign features 23 children in a series of photos illustrating 
the eight Vopak Fundamentals. The posters have been prominently 
placed around the terminal and in the staff canteen, where they 
remind employees and contractors of the fundamental safety 
practices, for example when they work at height or in confined spaces.
Own responsibility
When it comes to safety, Vopak goes to great lengths to keep everyone at our terminals safe. This 
includes our employees, contractors, construction workers, truck drivers and port authorities. However, all 
these partners also have a responsibility to know the basic safety requirements. 
In a country that does not always put safety first, changing people’s attitudes to safe working practices is a 
long-term project. Saul Riobueno, Vopak’s Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) manager in Venezuela, 
believes that involving the whole family will increase the chances of success. “We want children to 
remind their parents about safety; to say ‘Hey Dad, you’re working high up today, do you have your 
permit?’. ”
In the 11 years that Vopak has been operating the 40-year-old terminal, it has made huge advances in 
improving the infrastructure and way of working. There have also been great strides in safety – but there is 
still work to be done to reach the same high standards as at some of Vopak’s other terminals elsewhere 
in the world. 
Second nature
In Venezuela, Vopak already involves family in activities such as sports tournaments and its Christmas 
and Labor Day celebrations. It also hosts a summer camp for the children of its 150 employees every year. 
It was at last summer’s camp that the idea for the campaign came to fruition.
“We spoke to the children about safety and asked them what they thought about the Fundamentals, ” says 
Carlos Medina, the terminal’s manager. “We then invited them to a professional photo shoot at 
the terminal, and selected 23 photos for the campaign. ”
These pictures also feature in brochures for customers, and the campaign will be the central theme 
of all employee and family events at the terminal over the next five years. 
“The response has been overwhelming, ” says Saul. “It’s capturing the hearts and minds of our people 
to see their children’s faces at work every day. Of course, this is just the beginning. The real results will 
be when attitudes change and safety starts at home. That’s our ultimate goal. ”
“ People might not always listen to their managers, but they 
listen to their wives and their children. That’s why we decided 
to build a campaign around the family. ”
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 36

Page 37:
Sustainability performance

Page 38:
Safety and health
Objectives
Safety is our top priority. We see it as our responsibility to provide a safe and healthy workplace for all 
people on a Vopak facility with no negative impact on the surroundings, community and environment. 
Our safety aim is to be the best in our industry and as good as our leading customers.
Regrettably, we had one fatality in 2013. This was a contractor in China who lost his life during construction 
work. We have taken action throughout our facilities globally to implement the lessons learned from this 
incident into our daily business and share these also externally.
It is everyone’s responsibility to stop work 
that is unsafe
We introduce new initiatives and embed ongoing efforts to improve personal and process safety. In this 
process of continuous improvement, we actively involve our business partners and customers, both 
directly and by participating in national and international sector organizations. Continuously improving 
working conditions and monitoring the effectiveness of controls are fundamental to our health and safety 
policy. 
We strongly believe that all incidents can be prevented and accordingly we remain committed to achieve 
the goal of zero incidents and no damage to the environment. Safety is everyone’s responsibility; we 
demand every employee, contractor and visitor to contribute to his own safety and that of others. 
Everyone who works at or visits a Vopak site should be able to go home at the end of the working day 
without having suffered or caused harm in any way. 
Controlling risk for everyone is a key element underpinning all activities undertaken by Vopak. In today’s 
complex world, this requires unflagging effort from all staff. We can only achieve this if every employee, 
contractor and visitor understands the risks, realizes the critical importance of safety and knows what to 
do under all circumstances. Our Fundamentals on Safety [Case story Venezuela] provide a basis for all our 
activities, supported by our Vopak standards. They form an integral part of the Vopak Safety, Health and 
Environment (SHE) management system and are considered a minimum requirement for all Vopak 
locations. The Fundamentals describe a range of operational activities and the safety conditions that every 
person at Vopak is expected to be familiar with and to comply with. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 38
Sustainability performance   |   Safety and health   |   Objectives

Page 39:
The Vopak Fundamentals on Safety state that:
•	 Everyone will be trained and competent in the work they conduct; 
•	 Everyone must know, understand and comply with the basic safety regulations in force at a location; 
•	 Everyone who works at a location must comply fully with the applicable procedures; 
•	 Work will not be conducted without a job safety assessment; 
•	 For work without an approved procedure, a permit to work is needed; 
•	 Emergency response plans will be in place before work starts; 
•	 Appropriate and prescribed personal protective equipment must be worn.  
Improvement initiatives
Process safety reporting 
An important objective in our company is to continuously improve process safety. One key element is to 
broaden our performance indicator framework, so that we can prioritize our actions and resources on high 
risk issues to prevent accidents. Following a pilot implementation in 2013, we aim to adopt the American 
Petroleum Institute Recommended Practice 754 process safety performance indicators for refining and 
petrochemical industries (API RP 754). The impact of this change and for the implementing in our safety 
and health reporting will be: 
•	 To have more pro-active, leading indicators with a greater focus on prevention;
•	 To differentiate actions; to focus better on what matters towards major accident prevention; 
•	 To align more closely with industry guidance and best practice. 
API RP 754 is based on classifying process safety incidents according to their actual and potential 
consequence in a so called tier system. By definition, process safety incidents always involve a loss 
of primary containment (‘spill’).  
 
Tier 1 and 2 give the most serious lagging indicators. These will provide Vopak with a more focused and 
detailed means to classify our process incidents based on actual and potential risk. Included are indicators 
that are normalized against available working hours.  
 
Tier 3 indicators represent minor incidents and near misses. Therefore, they are excellent potential lessons 
that Vopak wants to explore. API classifies these at tier 3 and 4 and allows for an integrated framework. 
This approach provides a framework for process safety indicators that will allow for a more detailed 
risk-based approach to incident prevention. 
In 2013, during the pilot implementation of API RP 754, Vopak record a Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety 
Event Rate of 0.35 (incidents per 200.000 working hours). As this is the first year this data is measured 
and introduced, this figure should be treated as a reference for future years. 
Global Vopak SHE day
On 28 May 2013, Vopak organized the sixth annual global SHE day. It is mandatory for every Vopak location 
to organize a special program for SHE Day,  which draws attention to safety, health and the environment 
aims to stimulate the continuous improvement of the company, its employees and contractors in these 
three areas. SHE Day is just one day, but its impact is long-lasting. 
The topic of the 2013 SHE Day was: Compliance: 'The Right Way, Every Day'. A video message from 
our Executive Board is an important part of SHE Day every year. In addition to the importance of safety 
and our Vopak Fundamentals on Safety last year’s video addressed the fatality in China in particular. 
Eelco Hoekstra, our Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO, said: 
39Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Safety and health   |   Objectives

Page 40:
“ At Vopak we have a collective ambition. We want to be recognized for our outstanding performance 
on safety, health and environment. Our aim is not only to be the world leader in independent tank storage 
when measured by size and earnings, but also to be the world leader in our industry with respect to 
sustainability and service offering. ” 
Facts and figures Safety and health
T otal Injury Rate
An analysis of the cause of the safety and health incidents shows that 79% were non-process safety 
related. The most of these injuries were caused by slips, trips and falls, the remaining 21% were related 
to process safety incidents (exposure to chemicals and/or steam). Fortunately, all these incidents were 
of low severity.
We further continued the downward trend in safety incidents among both our own personnel and 
contractors in 2013. The lost time injury rate (LTIR) for our employees and contractors combined was 
0.6 per million hours worked (2012: 0.7). The total injury rate (TIR) related to the number of hours worked 
by both our own employees and contractors was 1 .8 accidents per million hours worked in 2013 (2012: 
2.0). We achieved this decrease in our TIR through continuous awareness programs, and through 
extensive improvements to our facilities and processes. 
Process incidents
The number of process incidents that occur at our tank terminals is an important measure of our safety 
and environmental care. Process incidents include product spills, product contaminations and fires, 
including any smoldering, no matter how small. 
In 2013, we saw 79% of all reportable incidents being related to the Vopak Fundamentals on Safety. 
Of these; Transfer of Product accounted for 65% and Permit to Work for 23%, further highlighting the 
need to focus on process safety [case story on Fundamentals]. This confirms that continued focus and 
efforts on field compliance of the Vopak Fundamentals are vital to continuous improvement. With the 
continued embedding of competence based assessments (in theory as well as in practice) and 
supervision on the Vopak Fundamentals, we see further opportunities to improve. Compliance to our 
fundamentals and our operational standards remain as the main levers to improve our safety performance. 
Process integrity further improved through a focus on design and maintenance of assets, continuous 
improving processes and procedures and ensuring we have a competent and disciplined workforce. 
Through the combination of these efforts the number of process incidents reduced to 93 in 2013 
(2012: 126). 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 40
Sustainability performance   |   Safety and health   |   Objectives

Page 41:
The total number of spills decreased from 56 in 2012 to 48 in 2013. The quantity of product spilled in 2013 
was 558 tons (we started to measure the quantity of spills in tons in 2013), an increase compared to 2012 
primarily due to two larger spills. Most Vopak terminals are equipped with secondary containment 
measures and an emergency spill program. Spills are identified and cleaned immediately after occurrence, 
so there are no effects on the environment (soil, groundwater and/or surface water).
The total number of product contaminations fell to 19 in 2013 from 30 in 2012. The number of fires 
(including smoldering) declined to 26 in 2013 from 40 in 2012.
41Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Safety and health   |   Objectives

Page 42:
Environmental care
Objectives 
Vopak aims to be a responsible neighbor. Our objective is to further reduce emissions to the environment, 
not only to soil and water, but also reduce gaseous emissions, odors and noise. In pursuing this objective, 
we adhere to guidelines set out in operating licenses, legislation and our own global standards. We 
acknowledge that taking measures to curb emissions may sometimes conflict with energy consumption, 
as some environmental measures require the use of energy. 
We have standardized our approach at a global level in our internal Vopak standards, which map the impact 
our operations may have on the environment. This helps us address the issue of how to minimize our 
impact, including the carbon footprint of our operations. We are committed to developing a sound waste 
management system and minimizing our energy consumption, soil contamination, air and surface water 
emissions, and water consumption.
Energy and carbon reporting
Scope of carbon reporting
The way Vopak report on its energy use and carbon emissions (based on CO2 emissions) encompasses 
Scope 1 (direct energy use and emissions from combustion of fossil fuels) and Scope 2 (indirect energy 
use and emissions from electricity purchased for our own use). We do not report on Scope 3 (direct and 
indirect energy use and emissions from purchased materials and services).
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 42
Sustainability performance   |   Environmental care   |   Objectives

Page 43:
The energy consumption of Vopak depends on the products we store for our customers and the climate 
conditions. Short-term energy-saving programs therefore focus on improving the processes of heat 
exchange and efficiencies of the system. 
Direct energy
Direct energy sources, such as gaseous and liquid fuels, are mainly used to produce steam for heating 
purposes and for limited on-site transfer by steam-driven pumps. The total energy consumption of the 
companies in scope, broken down by direct energy source, is shown in the following table.
T otal direct energy in TJ consumed  (consolidated 
companies including joint ventures)
Energy source 2010 2011 2012 2013
Natural gas 3,648 3,368 3,013 3,187
Fuel gas oil 899 250 365 428
Coal 34 26 8 29
Biofuel - - - -
LPG 61 124 647 132
T otal direct energy (TJ) 4,678 3,768 4,033 3,776
T otal relative direct energy (MJ/cbm) 151 155 153 136
It should be noted that the quantity of LPG consumed does not only reflect the energy generated from 
(heating by burning) LPG in 2013. It is mainly attributable to the use of LPG to support the incineration of 
product vapors in the various vapor treatment systems that Vopak operates. Use of LPG decreased in 2013 
compared with 2012 because we implemented more energy-efficient systems, such as vapor recovery 
units or vapor return systems, which do not require supporting gas (usually LPG). 
In 2013, one joint venture terminal (in China) used coal to generate steam in its boiler house. 
43Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Environmental care   |   Objectives

Page 44:
Indirect energy
Electricity is the main source of indirect energy that Vopak uses. Within Gate terminal, we also use warm 
water from an adjacent electric power plant. Using this source of excess heat, means we do not have to 
use energy to vaporize and heat the liquefied natural gas.
Energy source 2010 2011 2012 2013
Storage capacity (mln cbm) 27 .5 24.4 27 .3 27 .7
Steam (TJ) N.R.1 N.R.1 N.R.1 7
Indirect heating (TJ) - 115 1,247 1,689
Electricity (TJ) 1,130 1,091 1,497 1,670
T otal indirect energy (TJ) 1,130 1,206 2,744 3,366
T otal relative indirect energy (MJ/cbm) 41 49 101 122
1. Not reported
The increase of our indirect energy consumption  in 2013 is caused by the LNG terminals, which use 
electricity to cool the natural gas to liquid to -160oC, water from the electrical power plant or sea water 
(water will be cooled 7oC) is used to vaporate the liquid gas into the gas distribution system. In total 
Vopak's two LNG terminals consumed 1,970 TJ in 2013, almost 60% of our total indirect energy 
consumption. Higher energy consumption at our LNG operations is caused by higher water consumption, 
because more water intake results in a better, more continuous process of gasifying the liquid LNG. 
T otal direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by weight
Vopak generates scarcely any CO2 from its operating processes. The majority of our carbon emissions are 
generated during the production of steam for heating purposes or electricity for powering our pumps. 
However, the direct and indirect energy used in our operations does generate CO2.
No ozone-depleting chemical substances are emitted. Most of our terminals do not handle these specific 
chemicals. At the terminals where we do handle these chemicals, we use special vapor recovery systems.
Total greenhouse gas emissions (direct and indirect) are calculated in accordance with the standards set 
by the Carbon Disclosure Project.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 44
Sustainability performance   |   Environmental care   |   Objectives

Page 45:
T otal direct and indirect carbon emissions
Vopak's total carbon emissions in 2013 were 7% higher, mainly due to the conversion factors of electricity 
in Estonia (25% higher because of coal fired power plants instead of nuclear energy).
T otal carbon emissions (in CO2 equivalents)
Emissions for Vopak including joint ventures
2010 2011 2012 2013
Direct carbon (kTon) 278 213 241 223
Indirect carbon (kTon) 165 154 228 280
T otal carbon emission (kT on) 443 367 469 503
T otal relative carbon emission (kg/cbm storage) 16.1 15.1 1 7. 2 18.1
Our ambition to reduce our energy use is a combined effort throughout the Vopak global community. 
More terminals [case story Botlek] are involved in energy efficiency initiatives, sometimes together with 
their energy supplier. For the Vopak Terminal of Canada in Hamilton, this resulted in a direct energy saving 
of 25%.
 Waste
When we assessed the focus areas for our sustainability program, waste was identified as a focus point 
by our terminals, our customers (to save costs) and NGOs (mindful of our ecological footprint).
To develop the principles of ’waste does not exist’, a pilot study in 2010 identified and categorized waste 
streams for prevention and re-use. Most important outcomes were that we will minimize the amount of 
waste produced, and that we will strongly promote re-using waste, both within Vopak's operations and 
throughout our supply chain. 
Our main waste is generated by:
•	 Soil remediation. Every spill that occurs at a terminal must be cleaned immediately and the 
contaminated soil disposed of;
•	 Residual waste management. When tanks change service to another product, small amounts of 
product may remain in the tanks and pipelines. This is currently treated as chemical waste and removed 
from the site and discharged. However, there are companies that can upgrade some residual waste into 
a product with a value; 
•	 Slops: When tanks are cleaned for inspection, a quantity of waste (called slop) has to be removed from 
the tank;
•	 Sludges from our waste water treatment plants. Waste water treatment plants are installed not only in 
new terminals, but also at older terminals.  
If we can identify and categorize our waste in a systematic way, we estimate we could save significant 
cost for waste disposal. In 2013, approximately 75% of our terminals reported waste figures, which is an 
25% improvement compared to 2012. 
Land and water
As the owner and user of 1,880 hectare of land, Vopak is responsible for taking care of this land, as 
reflected in our environmental objectives. Some of this land is equipped with a secondary containment 
system to prevent spills and other contamination from entering the soil and groundwater. The aim is to 
identify the total amount of secondary containment and, based on a risk approach, improve the protection 
of the sub soil and ground water at our terminals.
45Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Environmental care   |   Objectives

Page 46:
Water management is an important responsibility. Vopak aims to have closed water balances and gain 
an insight into the treatment of water (both quantity and quality) at each of our terminals by 2015. The 
categories of water we identified at Vopak are: rain water, surface water, ground water, tap water and 
contaminated water. In 2013 Vopak consumed 1,684,000 cbm tap water. 
To establish our objectives, we have committed to assessing the water care systems at our terminals. 
The objective is to make a clear distinction between flows of good quality water (clean rainwater) and 
contaminated water. The principle is that clean water should remain clean and not be mixed with 
contaminated water, while contaminated water should be treated in a water treatment plant. Since 2010, 
we have taken initiatives to separate clean water and contaminated water flows. For example, our Belgian 
terminals have already established a clear distinction between flows of good quality water and 
contaminated water, which we also report towards the authorities.
To improve the treatment of contaminated water, some existing treatment plants will be upgraded or 
replaced with new state-of-the-art plants. For example, at our Europoort terminal (Netherlands) two 
new waste water treatment plants are being installed.
Biodiversity impact on our surroundings
Impact on our surroundings
A 2011 study conducted with Wageningen University and TNO, assesses the impact of our regular 
business on its surroundings. One or more of the following impacts could arise, depending on where 
the terminal is situated: 
•	 Noise;
•	 Odors; 
•	 Emissions of nitrogen and carbon; 
•	 Light; 
•	 Volatile organic compound emissions;
•	 Surface water;
•	 Soil contamination and soil use. 
The results of this study are still used at every greenfield project. In all cases we address and solve these 
issues immediately during the engineering phase.
Vopak principles on contamination
Our principles on contamination are:
•	 Prevention;
•	 A spill response program applicable to both soil and water; 
•	 Installing vapor recovery units to prevent emissions to air. 
Areas of special concern 
Within Vopak we have defined the following areas of special concern:
•	 Natura 2000 sites (Europe); 
•	 Areas falling under the UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Programme;
•	 Areas defined by BirdLife International;
•	 Wetlands according to the Ramsar Convention. 
When applying this definition, it means that 83% of all our terminals are within five miles of these areas. 
Some Vopak terminals are in the direct vicinity of areas of ecological diversity, so less than 500 meters 
away. Where this is the case, extra care is taken to prevent any damage to this area from air, soil, 
groundwater and surface water contamination. The preventive measures are stated in the 
Vopak Standard for Soil and Groundwater Management. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 46
Sustainability performance   |   Environmental care   |   Objectives

Page 47:
Responsible partner
Objectives
Vopak recognizes its responsibility for the social, environmental and economic consequences of its 
activities across the entire supply chain.
Vopak does not manufacture goods, purchase raw materials or sell materials or goods to its customers. 
Our core product is the service we deliver to our customers. Our suppliers do not directly contribute to 
this core service delivery process. However, they are involved in support processes, such as maintenance 
and construction projects for new terminals. For this reason, they are also required to commit to our 
standards and values. To promote higher levels of sustainability across the supply chain, we increasingly 
assess our suppliers on the basis of working conditions and their use of sustainable materials. 
For vendors providing critical services to our terminal, we apply Vopak’s general conditions for the 
purchase of goods and services. These include business conduct, safety and environmental conditions 
committing the vendor to the standards of our Code of Conduct, the Vopak Fundamentals on Safety and 
the Vopak Sustainability Policy. 
The vast majority of our purchased services are construction activities conducted under Vopak 
management on our premises with local supervision from Vopak’s own personnel. Hence we closely 
monitor our vendors. 
Our expansion projects in execution generated over 33 million man hours during 2013, representing over 
15.000 man years. These man hours are mostly related to local contractors. 
Vopak will terminate any relationship with a supplier, if we conclude they are not behaving in line with our 
general conditions, our Code of Conduct and our Anti-Corruption Policy and Fraud Prevention Policy. 
Selective audits are part of our vendor selection process. 
Concerns with respect to ethical behavior can be raised directly to management or anonymously via our 
whistle-blower system. 
47Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Responsible partner   |   Objectives

Page 48:
Our terminals
Vopak’s independent tank terminal network fulfils several important functions in the product’s journey 
from producer to end-user. The logistics chain in bulk liquid import and export often involves transport by 
sea-going vessels. For Vopak’s customers, the terminal can serve as a point of origin for inland distribution 
by inland shipping, pipeline, tank truck, or rail. Alternatively, it can serve as collection point for small 
quantities originating from an inland production facility, to be combined into a large quantity for overseas 
export. A number of our terminals are part of industrial complexes for petrochemical factories. The terminal 
is connected to the factories by pipelines and facilitates mutual product flows and the supply and export of 
feedstock and finished products.
Our services
Vopak develops its services with product, market and functional requirements in mind. We always do this 
in close collaboration with customers and strategic partners. Ongoing dialogue with our customers is 
therefore key to our strategy: we can only provide excellent customer service if we are fully aware of our 
customers’ wishes and requirements. 
In addition to our daily customer contact, we collect feedback annually through our global customer 
satisfaction survey. This survey enables us to adjust our commercial plans and initiate specific 
improvements in line with our customers’ requirements and needs. This way, our customers largely define 
the initiatives we take to further improve our relationships with them. In addition, we constantly train our 
staff to sharpen their service focus.
Stakeholder engagement
Sustainability management enables Vopak to measure, manage and report on the Triple P-indicators, 
relating to people (social), planet (environment) and profit (economic), and to set business strategies that 
reduce risks and increase shareholder value. Our principal approach toward stakeholders is outside-in, 
meaning that it starts with stakeholder dialogue. Our responsibility is inside-out, however: it starts with 
the factors directly under our control. 
Daily contacts
Customers, suppliers and employees meet to share important information every day. In addition, various 
audits are undertaken, both by Vopak itself (global insurance, global internal audit, terminal health 
assessment, project post implementation reviews) and by our customers and various authorities. These 
audits aim to assure control for internal purposes, confirm the integrity of our terminals and processes 
and pre-assess implementation plans. We undertake direct contacts with the media, financial 
stakeholders, our neighbors and other stakeholders ensuring timely and consistent communications 
related to relevant topics per stakeholder area. 
Regular contacts
We maintain regular contacts with our financial stakeholders, neighbors, local and other authorities. 
Various meetings and webcasts are organized, which are tailored to different audiences, enabling us 
to demonstrate our determination to be transparent towards all our target groups. We inform key 
stakeholders on the main developments impacting the company, through planned and ad hoc press 
releases. In addition, we organize regular communications through the Capital Markets Day events and 
regular meetings with authorities.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 48
Sustainability performance   |   Responsible partner   |   Objectives

Page 49:
Annual contacts
We maintain contact every year with our customers, local and global stakeholders, and a wide variety of 
communities, including our neighbors, non-governmental organizations, sustainability organizations and 
ministries in the countries where we operate. In addition to maintaining direct contact with these 
stakeholders, we participate at various industry and other events, ranging from the World Economic Forum 
and the International Energy Forum to the annual meetings of chemical and petrochemical associations, 
and product-related conferences. We undertake various surveys throughout the year, notably the annual 
Customer Satisfaction Survey, which gives feedback from our customers on a wide range of commercial, 
operational, safety and service related topics (score over 2012: 31, with a response rate of 66%). The 
surveys aim to the implement of the suggestions, comments and recommendations we received from 
hundreds of respondents globally.
Associations
In 2013, Vopak was member of VOTOB (the Dutch association of independent tank storage companies), 
FETSA (Federation of European Tank Storage Associations) and the Dutch LNG Platform.
Community involvement
Vopak operates in 79 different locations throughout the world. It is the responsibility of the local 
management teams of our subsidiaries to engage in activities to strengthen the relationships with local 
communities at our terminals. This means we apply a global philosophy, but a local approach. 
Vopak is committed to being a good neighbor and engaging with communities living close to our 
operations. We behave as a responsible citizen and work to minimize the negative impact of our 
operations. We aim to support communities, for instance by improving the infrastructure adjacent to 
our facilities [case story Thailand]. We are committed to source locally as much as possible.
Human rights
Vopak respects human rights as described in the United Nation's Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and accepts the responsibility of ensuring that all our entities respect human rights when conducting 
business. 
In 2013 Vopak screened all Final Investment Proposals on human rights issues. Our screening is based 
on the identification of the country where the project is being executed (OECD or other) and the 
characteristics of the investment proposal (major repairs or expansion). The screening included an 
assessment of the areas where the risks of human rights issues are high. For these projects specific 
agreements between all the stakeholders in the project should be in place, detailing the manner in which 
parties will uphold human rights. These procedures resulted in one investment proposal that has been 
extended with such an agreement between all stakeholders, detailing: 
•	 Integrity and ethics;
•	 Human rights; 
•	 Fair treatment of employees;
•	 Community involvements; 
•	 Sustainable customers and suppliers;
•	 Sustainable services. 
All partners, (main) contractors and suppliers specifically agreed they shall adhere to the 
Vopak Code of Conduct, which includes human rights. 
49Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Responsible partner   |   Objectives

Page 50:
Business partners
Sustainable suppliers and customers
Vopak works with customers and suppliers to maintain long-term partnerships and ensure continuous 
improvement in our approach to sustainability. We aim to be the supplier of choice based on our service 
quality and sustainability. Likewise, we aim to choose suppliers whose commitment to sustainability 
matches our own.
Sustainable services
Vopak delivers its services in accordance with stringent safety and environmental standards and in 
cooperation with the local authorities in the areas in which we operate. By continuously assessing and 
improving the condition of our terminals, we are able to maintain the highest level of quality for our 
stakeholders.
Key suppliers
In 2013, Vopak selected a number of key suppliers of hoses, loading arms, pumps and tank building. 
These key suppliers have committed to comply with our Code of Conduct. 
External Benchmarks
In 2013, Vopak was included in several external benchmarks:
•	 VBDO (Vereniging Beleggers voor Duurzame Ontwikkeling). Vopak’s score improved to 44% in 2013 
from 14% in 2011;
•	 Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). This independent, non-profit organization holds the world’s largest 
database of primary corporate climate change information. The CDP acts on behalf of 551 institutional 
investors from around the world. On a scale of A to E, in 2013, Vopak scored a level C for its climate 
reporting in the CDP benchmark. 
•	 Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI). In 2013, Vopak scored 67%, slightly below our 2012 score of 
73%, but well above the 45% average score of our peers. 
•	 Transparency Benchmark. The Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs produces an annual report on Dutch 
companies’ corporate social responsibility reporting. Vopak scored 143 out of a total 200 points in 2013, 
an increase of 6% compared to 2012.   
Inclusion in these benchmark studies gives us valuable feedback and information regarding Vopak´s 
perceived performance in the areas of people, planet and profit. The overall impression is presented in the 
table below.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 50
Sustainability performance   |   Responsible partner   |   Objectives

Page 51:
Commitments and achievements
In our 2012 Sustainability Report and at the 2013 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, Vopak made 
the commitments listed in the table below. Performance against these commitments can also be found 
in this overview.
Plans for 2014
In 2014, Vopak wants to further strengthen its sustainability strategy. Therefore, we will review our 
sustainability strategy in 2014 so we can build on the foundation we have and identify our future steps 
in sustainability. 
In line with this changing environment, sustainability reports published after 31 December 2015 should be 
prepared under the new GRI 4 reporting guidelines. Our current report is under the GRI 3.1 .B+ guidelines. 
Both the strategic review as well as the GRI 4 guidelines enables Vopak to develop:
•	 A validated materiality matrix, outlining relevant issues to stakeholders;
•	 A sustainability-strategy based on the materiality matrix to increase the value generated by Vopak’s 
sustainable position;
•	 Defined KPI’s and targets;
•	 A corporate story and sales presentation describing the newly-formulated Vopak sustainability strategy.  
Permit violations and fines
In 2013, there were four permit violations, regarding emissions of hydrocarbons to the environment, 
resulting in a total fine of EUR 170.000. These violations include stench, spills, and safety gaps.
Grants received
In 2013 Vopak received two grants from the European Union for research projects. 
The first grant (EUR 600,000) was awarded by the EU-LIFE program for environment and climate action, 
for a new remediation concept Vopak is applying to a volatile organochlorine compound (VOCI) 
contamination. The second grant was awarded to the members of the consortium working on the Petrobot 
project, including Vopak [case story Petrobot]. The total grant to the consortium was EUR 3,739,940. Vopak 
did not receive any grants from local governments in 2013.
51Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Responsible partner   |   Objectives

Page 52:
Excellent people
Objectives
Our people are our most valuable asset. Employing the best people who are passionate about Vopak will 
enable us to grow our business sustainably for the future. 
We are proud that retention of our people remains high. As an organization, we strive to keep our people 
engaged and foster their personal and professional development. We support them to perform to their 
best ability. We have a long track record of providing the procedures and training to ensure a safe 
environment for our employees, contractors and local communities. As a result, our people are loyal and 
enthusiastic about Vopak. This is borne out by the results of our biennial employee engagement survey. 
The 2013 survey showed satisfaction rose to 7 .7 from 7 .5 in 2011 . Engagement was also higher at 7 .7 , above 
the benchmark 7 .4, while pride scored the highest at 7 .8. We want to nurture these positive elements of 
our culture as we continue to professionalize our business. 
To take Vopak forward in a changing business environment, we need to have the right people with the 
right competencies in the right places. Active succession management and developing our employees 
through systematic coaching and training are therefore crucial to our global HR strategy. 
In 2013, we expanded the scope of our electronic support tool 4People so we can gather more 
management information to support the business. This will provide management with an overview of what 
resources are needed in different parts of the world. In 2014, we will analyze this data in more depth when 
making decisions about organizational performance and productivity at a local, regional and global level. 
We encourage our employees to be internationally mobile and to move their skills and competencies to 
locations worldwide where they are needed most.  
People development
Vopak again placed significant emphasis on people development in 2013. We updated and further 
enhanced learning programs in areas such as safety, operations, sales and marketing and leadership 
development. All these focus on enhancing behavioral competencies and skills. For example, the 
Enhanced Sales Capability program aims to increase the effectiveness of our commercial community and 
align the way they work globally.
We also introduced an electronic training course on anti-bribery legislation and Vopak’s Code of Conduct, 
which more than 85% of the management employees completed. 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 52
Sustainability performance   |   Excellent people   |   Objectives

Page 53:
Vopak develops its young leaders through coaching and training. To this end, we introduced a new global 
leadership development program in 2013. IManage is aimed at employees with no direct leadership 
function (specialists), while IBuild is for people with less than five years’ direct leadership experience. Both 
lay a solid foundation to help first-line people managers become more effective leaders. The program 
develops both personal and team leadership skills in line with Vopak’s leadership fundamentals and in 
support of our values. It runs for nine months and includes workshops, coaching and self-study. The pilot 
was attended by 30 managers in EMEA and will be rolled out in other locations worldwide during 2014. It 
will also be extended to senior management this year. 
My Learning Operations
Our special training program, My Learning Operations (MLO), was rolled out worldwide in 2013. This 
important initiative was introduced in 2012, and kicked off with a movie to enhance awareness of the 
Vopak Fundamentals on Safety. The MLO project aims to increase our employees' knowledge and skills to 
the delivery of safer, more reliable and even higher-quality operations and service. 
The implementation of My Learning Operations is well on its way. To date more than 50 terminals are live 
in the system. By end 2014, next to the Vopak Fundamentals on Safety, 10 other blended-learning modules 
should be implemented at our terminals. To date over 4000 employees are already using this tool in their 
people development program. In the future we will continue to develop more blended-learning modules to 
increase the safety and awareness of our people.
Diversity
Vopak is a multicultural company with operations spanning 28 countries around the globe. This means our 
workforce is diverse and includes people from many different cultures, nationalities and beliefs. We 
respect this diversity and nurture the many different approaches and perspectives each culture brings to 
our business. Whatever their backgrounds, our people share our company’s passion for service and want 
to perform to the best of their ability. 
Our workforce is still predominantly male. This is due to Vopak’s technical environment, in which there are 
few female candidates with the required skills and expertise.
Our focus is on having the right expertise and skills available in key areas of the business, rather than on 
putting people into roles to meet diversity targets. To ensure sufficient competencies worldwide, we 
expect to increase international mobility of our employees in 2014.
53Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Sustainability performance   |   Excellent people   |   Objectives

Page 54:
Facts & figures Excellent people
People at Vopak
Information on the Vopak workforce for the past four years is presented below.
Employees
T otal number of employees 2010 2011 2012 2013
Subsidiaries (FTE) 3,740 3,921 3,932 4,010
Subsidiaries and joint ventures (headcount) 5,864 5,994 6,209 6,088
Gender and nationality of managers and professionals
% employees
Executive 
Board
Division 
manage-
ment 
teams
Global staff 
directors
Global 
staff HQ
Gender
Male 100% 81% 85% 74%
Female – 19% 15% 26%
Nationality
Dutch 100% 27% 85% 86%
Other 1 – 73% 15% 14%
1. Any nationality other than Dutch.
Sickness and absence rate 
In 2013, our absenteeism rate was 2.0%, which is slightly lower than the previous year (2.1%). 
T otal number of incidents of discrimination, fraud and bribery
In 2013, there were six cases reported within our whistle-blower regulations and eight cases of fraud 
were reported. 
A whistle-blower reported during 2013 that the Vopak Code of Conduct and Vopak values may be breached 
at one of our terminals. The alleged irregularities centered on intentional abuses of the procurement 
process for projects in recent years and conflict of interest issues. An on-site investigation with the 
assistance of independent experts revealed a case of fraud that resulted in the resignation of five 
members of the management team of that terminal. The management team of the division has taken 
measures to ensure operations continue with no further incidents and that safety and services are not 
affected.  
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 54
Sustainability performance   |   Excellent people   |   Objectives

Page 55:
Innovation

Page 56:
Strategy on innovation
Vopak Singapore - Banyan Terminal
Vopak’s overall corporate strategy is based on three pillars:
•	 Growth leadership: our ability to identify and secure the right locations for our terminals;
•	 Operational excellence: constructing, owning, operating and maintaining terminals to deliver services 
at  competitive costs in local markets;
•	 Customer leadership: creating long-term sustainable relationships with customers and healthy 
occupancy rates of terminals against attractive rates.
These three pillars also drive ‘connected innovation’ within our company, together with the Vopak 
Fundamentals, our corporate governance structure, the Vopak Code of Conduct and our values. 
Innovation within Vopak originates from interaction between us and various stakeholders. We build and 
maintain networks to generate ideas and collect input for innovation that can among others, improve 
our process integrity (operational continuity), process safety, process efficiency, and the durability of our 
systems and materials.
We therefore approach innovation within Vopak in three ways: 
•	 Through social innovation: improving the way we interact and cooperate within the company. We do 
this, for example, through flexible organizations, dynamic management and smart ways of working. 
In addition, we have developed a global intranet environment and introduced a social media tool to 
improve data sharing and enhanced collaboration.
•	 Through commercial innovation: improving the way we interact with our customers, through a global 
Customer Relationship Management tool and a global sales effectiveness training program. 
•	 Through technological innovation: the way we design, build, operate and maintain our terminals. This 
is overseen by our Global Operations and Technology department and stimulates all staff to contribute 
to value enhancing innovations. 
For this, a vision on the future for Vopak is required to frame our innovation efforts. This is why we have 
created, the ‘Sustainable Terminaling in the Future’ project.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 56
Innovation   |   Strategy on innovation

Page 57:
T erminaling in the future
Vopak Singapore - Banyan Terminal
Our innovation program, called ‘Terminaling in the future’, lays out topics and objectives for the design and 
operations of Vopak terminals in the year 2035, with a specific focus on sustainability. The main objectives 
of this program are: 
•	 To become an innovative bulk liquid storage provider by applying leading-edge technology to develop 
terminals and terminal activities that meet future demands and improve business performance;
•	 To explore and develop future innovative terminal concepts that are energy efficient, labor extensiveand 
free of emissions and waste. Also, to deliver the highest and fastest service levels in the industry at the 
lowest cost, with intelligent networking and minimal space requirements; 
•	 To identify specific opportunities for innovation within the portfolio that can either be applied in the 
short term, require further customization for terminals and terminal activities, or hold promising options 
in the longer term; 
•	 To establish a structured innovation development activity within Vopak to monitor, develop and 
coordinate terminal innovation opportunities on a continuous basis, in close cooperation with Vopak’s 
terminal design activities and external partners;
•	 To identify external partners and research institutes that Vopak needs to work with to customize and 
develop relevant technologies. 
All our developments are based on these objectives. All will in some way contribute to the final scope 
of Terminaling in the Future.
Social innovation
One of the main challenges in social innovation is to set up a network for sharing experiences and 
activities. It is crucial to ensure exposure to relevant external input, and to share and receive knowledge 
about our impact on the health and safety of employees across our terminals and divisions and the 
relevant communities.
YES!Delft  
Vopak supports the YES!Delft initiative. YES!Delft is a center for high-tech entrepreneurs. It has a clear 
mission: to build tomorrow’s leading firms. YES!Delft inspires students, professionals and scientists to 
take their first steps towards becoming entrepreneurs and offers them the necessary support to turn their 
enterprise into a ‘leading firm’. It focuses on companies with a technical, innovative and scalable product 
or process. 
57Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Innovation   |   Strategy on innovation

Page 58:
Center for the Edge 
Vopak attends innovation talks such as the Deloitte Center for the Edge, which conducts original research 
and develops substantive points of view for new corporate growth. The Silicon Valley-based Center helps 
senior executives make sense of and profit from emerging opportunities on the edge of business and 
technology.
Commercial innovation
An example of a commercial innovation is our initiative to provide break bulk facilities, to enable the use of 
LNG as a transport fuel. In this project Vopak and Gasunie jointly plan to build a break bulk terminal for 
LNG in Rotterdam. 
In 2013, Vopak extended its Multisite Certificate for the International Sustainability and Carbon Certification 
with the addition of the German DE certificate. This enables us to offer more sustainable service to 
customers at an expanding number of terminals. Vopak now has a multisite EU- and DE-certification for 
nine terminals that handle biofluids.
T echnological Innovation
As part of our innovation program (Terminaling in the future), we have identified the following technical 
topics for short-term, medium-term and long-term research:
•	 Energy efficiency; 
•	 Labor extensive operations; 
•	 Emission and waste-free operations;
•	 High service levels;
•	 Intelligent automation;
•	 Minimal use of space.
Projects
Vopak does not have a separate research department. We strive to participate in external programs that 
address our innovation objectives and topics. For this reason, we have made the following commitments:
Petrobot initiative
Vopak is part of a consortium that, together with the European Commission, launched the Petrobot project 
in September 2013. The ground-breaking project will develop robots that can replace humans to inspect 
pressure vessels and storage tanks. The main objectives of this program are to minimize the risks for 
people in tank entries and to prolong tank availability, as the robot inspection should be possible on life 
tanks.
iT ank innovation platform
As a leading tank storage company, Vopak is participating in the Port of Rotterdam’s innovation platform, 
called iTank. This platform offers students internships, innovation courses and cases studies from its 
participating partners, which they can study, experience and learn from a professional environment. 
Students can also deliver innovative solutions to industrial issues.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 58
Innovation   |   Strategy on innovation

Page 59:
Game changer projects
We participate in the long-term Dutch scientific research program ‘Bio-based Geo & Civil Engineering for 
a Sustainable Society’. In this program, we are especially interested in how to avoid corrosion and the 
possibility of reversing corrosion, such as making steel out of rust. We are also involved in self-healing 
materials, especially self-healing concrete and coatings.
Knowledge sharing
One of our main challenges is to set up a network across our terminals and divisions to receive and share 
knowledge internally about new technological possibilities. These possibilities can have a practical, almost 
directly applicable, applied scientific or more fundamental scientific nature. 
59Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Innovation   |   Projects

Page 60:
Other information

Page 61:
Assurance report
To the Executive Board of Koninklijke Vopak N.V .
Report on the Sustainability Report
Engagement and responsibilities
In the Sustainability Report (hereafter: ‘Report’) Koninklijke Vopak N.V . reports on its policies, activities 
and performance relating to sustainability in the reporting year ending 31 December 2013. We have been 
engaged by the Executive Board of Koninklijke Vopak N.V . to review the Report. 
Review procedures focus on obtaining limited assurance which does not require exhaustive gathering of 
evidence as in audit engagements. Consequently a review engagement provides less assurance than an 
audit.
We do not provide any assurance on the assumptions and feasibility of prospective information, such as 
targets, expectations and ambitions, included in the Report. 
The Executive Board of Koninklijke Vopak N.V . is responsible preparing the Report. We are responsible 
for providing a limited assurance report on the information in the Report. 
Reporting criteria
Koninklijke Vopak N.V . developed its reporting criteria on the basis of the G3.1 Guidelines of the Global 
Reporting Initiative (‘GRI’). These reporting criteria contain certain inherent limitations that may influence 
the reliability of the information. Detailed information on these limitations and on Koninklijke Vopak N.V . ’s 
reporting scope is given in our ‘Sustainability reporting scope’ on page 19. We consider the reporting 
criteria to be relevant and appropriate for our review. 
Review procedures performed  
We planned and performed our review procedures in accordance with Dutch law, including Standard 
3410N ‘ Assurance engagements relating to sustainability reports’. Our most important review procedures 
were: 
•	 Performing an external environment analysis and obtaining insight into the industry, relevant 
sustainability issues, relevant laws and regulations and the characteristics of the organization; 
•	 Assessing the acceptability of the reporting policies and consistent application of these, such as 
assessment of the outcomes of the stakeholder dialogue and the reasonableness of estimates made 
by management;
•	 Reviewing the systems and processes for data gathering, internal controls and processing of other 
information, such as the aggregation process of data to the information as presented in the Report;
•	 Reviewing internal and external documentation to determine whether the information in the Report is 
adequately substantiated;
•	 Evaluating the overall presentation of the Report, in line with the reporting criteria of Koninklijke Vopak 
N.V .;
•	 Reviewing the application level according to the G3.1 Guidelines of GRI.
We believe the evidence obtained from our review is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion.
61Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   Assurance report

Page 62:
Conclusion
Based on our review procedures performed, nothing has come to our attention that would cause us 
to conclude that the information in the Report, in all material respects, does not provide a reliable and 
adequate presentation of the sustainability policy of Koninklijke Vopak N.V . or of the activities and 
performance of the organization relating to sustainability in 2013, in accordance with Koninklijke Vopak 
N.V . ’s reporting criteria.
Rotterdam, 27 February 2014  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V .  
 
Original signed by M. de Ridder RA 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 62
Other information   |   Assurance report

Page 63:
GRI index
GRI no. Description Reference Page no.
Strategy and analysis
1.1 Statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organization (e.g. CEO, chair, or 
equivalent senior position) about the relevance of sustainability to the organization and its 
strategy.
1.2 Description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities.
Organizational profile
2.1 Name of the organization. 8
2.2 Primary brands, products, and/or services. 8
2.3 Operational structure of the organization, including main divisions, operating companies, 
subsidiaries, and joint ventures.
8
2.4 Location of organization’s headquarters. 73
2.5 Number of countries where the organization operates, and names of countries with either major 
operations or that are specifically relevant to the sustainability issues covered in the report.
8
2.6 Nature of ownership and legal form. 8
2.7 Markets served (including geographic breakdown, sectors served, and types of customers/
beneficiaries).
8
2.8 Scale of the reporting organization. 8
2.9 Significant changes during the reporting period regarding size, structure, or ownership. 8
2.10 Awards received in the reporting period. 25
Report parameters
3.1 Reporting period (e.g., fiscal/calendar year) for information provided. 19
3.2 Date of most recent previous report (if any). 19
3.3 Reporting cycle (annual, biennial, etc.). 19
3.4 Contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents. 73
3.5 Process for defining report content. 19
3.6 Boundary of the report (e.g., countries, divisions, subsidiaries, leased facilities, joint ventures, 
suppliers). See GRI Boundary Protocol for further guidance.
19
3.7 State any specific limitations on the scope or boundary of the report. 19
 Item is covered in the Sustainability Report  Item is partially covered in the Sustainability Report
 Item is covered in the Annual Report  Item is not or not yet reported
63Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   GRI index

Page 64:
GRI no. Description Reference Page no.
3.9 Data measurement techniques and the bases of calculations, including assumptions and 
techniques underlying estimations applied to the compilation of the Indicators and other 
information in the report. 
19
3.10 Explanation of the effect of any restatements of information provided in earlier reports, and the 
reasons for such restatement (e.g. mergers/acquisitions, change of base years/periods, nature of 
business, measurement methods).
19
3.1 1 Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the scope, boundary, or measurement 
methods applied in the report.
19
3.12 Table identifying the location of the Standard Disclosures in the report. 63
3.13 Policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report. If not 
included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, explain the scope and 
basis of any external assurance provided. Also explain the relationship between the reporting 
organization and the assurance provider.
61
Governance, commitment and engagement
4.1 Governance structure of the organization, including committees under the highest governance 
body responsible for specific tasks, such as setting strategy or organizational oversight.
9
4.2 Indicate whether the Chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer (and, if so, 
their function within the organization’s management and the reasons for this arrangement).
24
4.3 For organizations that have a unitary board structure, state the number of members of the 
highest governance body that are independent and/or non-executive members.
24
4.4 Mechanisms for shareholders and employees to provide recommendations or direction to the 
highest governance body. 
23
4.5 Linkage between compensation for members of the highest governance body, senior managers, 
and executives (including departure arrangements), and the organization’s performance 
(including social and environmental performance).
4.6 Processes in place for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided. 
4.7 Process for determining the qualifications and expertise of the members of the highest 
governance body for guiding the organization’s strategy on economic, environmental, and social 
topics.
4.8 Internally developed statements of mission or values, codes of conduct, and principles relevant 
to economic, environmental, and social performance and the status of their implementation.
24
4.9 Procedures of the highest governance body for overseeing the organization’s identification and 
management of economic, environmental, and social performance, including relevant risks and 
opportunities, and adherence to or compliance with internationally agreed standards, codes of 
conduct, and principles.
4.10 Processes for evaluating the highest governance body’s own performance, particularly with 
respect to economic, environmental, and social performance.
4.1 1 Explanation of whether and how the precautionary approach or principle is addressed by the 
organization. 
4.12 Externally developed economic, environmental, and social charters, principles, or other 
initiatives to which the organization subscribes or endorses. 
25
4.13 Memberships of associations (such as industry associations) and/or national/international 
advocacy organizations in which the organization has positions in governance bodies, 
participates in projects or committees, provides substantive funding beyond routine membership 
dues, or views membership as strategic.
38
4.14 List of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. 48
4.15 Basis for identification and selection of stakeholders with whom to engage. 48
 Item is covered in the Sustainability Report  Item is partially covered in the Sustainability Report
 Item is covered in the Annual Report  Item is not or not yet reported
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 64
Other information   |   GRI index

Page 65:
GRI no. Description Reference Page no.
4.16 Approaches to stakeholder engagement, including frequency of engagement by type and by 
stakeholder group.
48
4.17 Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, and how the 
organization has responded to those key topics and concerns, including through its reporting.
15
Economic performance (core indicators)
EC1 Economic value generated and distributed, including revenues, operating costs, employee 
compensation, donations and other community investments, retained earnings, and payments to 
capital providers and governments.
EC2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities for the organization’s activities due to 
climate change.
EC3 Coverage of the organization’s defined benefit plan obligations.
EC4 Significant financial assistance received from government. 51
EC6 Policy, practices, and proportion of spending on locally-based suppliers at significant locations of 
operation. 
17
EC7 Procedures for local hiring and proportion of senior management hired from the local 
community at significant locations of operation. 
EC8 Development and impact of infrastructure investments and services provided primarily for public 
benefit through commercial, in-kind, or pro bono engagement. 
49
Environmental performance (core indicators)
EN1 Materials used by weight or volume. 
EN2 Percentage of materials used that are recycled input materials. 
EN3 Direct energy consumption by primary energy source. 42
EN4 Indirect energy consumption by primary source. 42
EN7 Initiatives to reduce indirect energy consumption and reductions achieved. (additional). 42
EN8 Total water withdrawal by source. 
EN1 1 Location and size of land owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas 
of high biodiversity value outside protected areas.
45
EN12 Description of significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity in 
protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas. 
46
EN16 Total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by weight. 42
EN17 Other relevant indirect greenhouse gas emissions by weight. 
EN19 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances by weight. 42
EN21 Total water discharge by quality and destination. 45
 Item is covered in the Sustainability Report  Item is partially covered in the Sustainability Report
 Item is covered in the Annual Report  Item is not or not yet reported
65Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   GRI index

Page 66:
GRI no. Description Reference Page no.
EN22 Total weight of waste by type and disposal method. 42
EN23 Total number and volume of significant spills. 40
Social performance / labor (core indicators)
LA1 Total workforce by employment type, employment contract, and region. 54
LA2 Total number and rate of employee turnover by age group, gender, and region. 
LA4 Percentage of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
LA5 Minimum notice period(s) regarding significant operational changes, including whether this is 
specified in collective agreements. 
LA7 Rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 
fatalities by region. 
40
LA8 Education, training, counseling, prevention, and risk-control programs in place to assist 
workforce members, their families, or community members regarding serious diseases. 
LA10 Average hours of training per year per employee by employee category. 
LA13 Composition of governance bodies and breakdown of employees per category according to 
gender, age group, minority group membership, and other indicators of diversity. 
53
LA14 Ratio of basic salary of men to women by employee category. 
Social performance / human rights (core indicators)
HR1 Percentage and total number of significant investment agreements that include human rights 
clauses or that have undergone human rights screening.
5
HR2 Percentage of significant suppliers and contractors that have undergone screening on human 
rights and actions taken. 
HR4 Total number of incidents of discrimination and actions taken. 53
HR5 Operations identified in which the right to exercise freedom of association and collective 
bargaining may be at significant risk, and actions taken to support these rights. 
HR6 Operations identified as having significant risk for incidents of child labor, and measures taken to 
contribute to the elimination of child labor. 
HR7 Operations identified as having significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor, and 
measures to contribute to the elimination of forced or compulsory labor. 
5
Social performance / society (core indicators)
SO1 Nature, scope, and effectiveness of any programs and practices that assess and manage the 
impacts of operations on communities, including entering, operating, and exiting. 
SO2 Percentage and total number of business units analyzed for risks related to corruption. 
SO3 Percentage of employees trained in organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures. 
 Item is covered in the Sustainability Report  Item is partially covered in the Sustainability Report
 Item is covered in the Annual Report  Item is not or not yet reported
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 66
Other information   |   GRI index

Page 67:
GRI no. Description Reference Page no.
SO4 Actions taken in response to incidents of corruption. 
SO5 Public policy positions and participation in public policy development and lobbying. 
SO8 Monetary value of significant fines and total number of non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with laws and regulations. 
51
Social performance / products and services (core indicators)
PR1 Life cycle stages in which health and safety impacts of products and services are assessed for 
improvement, and percentage of significant products and services categories subject to such 
procedures. 
PR3 Type of product and service information required by procedures and percentage of significant 
products and services subject to such information requirements. 
PR5 Practices related to customer satisfaction, including results of surveys measuring customer 
satisfaction.
49
PR6 Programs for adherence to laws, standards, and voluntary codes related to marketing 
communications, including advertising, promotion, and sponsorship. 
PR9 Monetary value of significant fines for non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning the 
provision and use of products and services. 
 Item is covered in the Sustainability Report  Item is partially covered in the Sustainability Report
 Item is covered in the Annual Report  Item is not or not yet reported
67Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   GRI index

Page 68:
Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES WITHIN THE BOUNDARY PROTOCOL OF THIS REPORT
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Belgium
Vopak Agencies Antwerpen NV 
Vopak Terminal Eurotank NV  
Vopak Chemical Terminals Belgium NV 
Germany
Vopak DUPEG Terminal Hamburg GmbH 
Vopak Agency Germany GmbH
Finland
Vopak Chemicals Logistics Finland Oy
France
Fos Faster LNG Terminal SAS (90%)
The Netherlands
Vopak Nederland B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Vlissingen B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Amsterdam Westpoort B.V .  
Vopak Agencies Amsterdam B.V .  
Vopak Agencies Rotterdam B.V .  
Vopak Agencies Terneuzen B.V .  
Vopak Chemicals Logistics Netherlands B.V .  
Vopak LNG Holding B.V .  
Vopak EMEA B.V .  
Vopak Global Information Services B.V .  
Vopak Global Procurement Services B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Botlek B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Chemiehaven B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Europoort B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Laurenshaven B.V .  
Vopak Terminals North Netherlands B.V .  
Vopak Terminal TTR B.V .  
Vopak Terminal Vlaardingen B.V .
Russia
Representative office of Vopak Chemicals Logistics 
Finland Oy, Moscow
South Africa
Vopak Terminal Durban (Pty) Ltd. (70%)
Spain
Vopak Terminal Algeciras S.A. (80%)
Sweden
Vopak Sweden AB
Switzerland
Monros AG 
Tu rkey
Vopak Terminal Marmara Depolama 
Hizmetleri AS
United Kingdom
Vopak Terminal London Limited B.V . 
Vopak Terminal Purfleet Ltd.  
Vopak Terminal Teesside Ltd.  
Vopak Terminal Windmill Ltd. 
Asia/Australia
Australia
Vopak Terminals Australia Pty Ltd. 
Vopak Terminals Sydney Pty Ltd. 
Vopak Terminal Darwin Pty Ltd.
China
Vopak China Management Company Ltd. 
Vopak Terminal Zhangjiagang Ltd. 
Vopak Terminal Shandong Lanshan (60%)1 
India
Vopak Terminals Kandla (CRL Terminals Pvt, Ltd.)
Indonesia
PT Vopak Terminal Merak (95%)
Singapore
Vopak Asia Pte. Ltd.  
Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte. Ltd. (69.5%)2 
Vopak Terminal Penjuru Pte. Ltd. (69.5%)3
Vietnam
Vopak Vietnam Co. Ltd.
1 Vopak Terminal Penjuru Pte. Ltd. 60% ownership in Vopak Terminals Shandong Lanshan
2 Vopak Holding Singapore Pte. Ltd. 69.5% ownership in Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte. Ltd.
3 Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte Ltd. 100% ownership in Vopak Terminal Penjuru Pte. Ltd.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 68
Other information   |   Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

Page 69:
North America 
Canada
Vopak Terminals of Canada Inc.
United States
Vopak North America Inc. 
Vopak Terminals North America Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Deer Park Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Galena Park Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Savannah Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Wilmington Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Los Angeles Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Long Beach Inc.  
Vopak Terminal Perth Amboy LLC (87 .75%) 
Latin America
Brazil
Vopak Brasil S.A. 
VPK Partiçipacões e Serviçoes Portuários Ltda.
Colombia
Vopak Colombia S.A.
Mexico
Vopak Mexico SA de CV
Panama
Vopak Panama Atlantic Inc.
Peru
Vopak Peru S.A.
Venezuela
Vopak Venezuela S.A. 
JOINT VENTURES
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Bahrain
Vopak Zamil Holding W.L.L. (50%)
Estonia
AS Vopak E.O.S. (50%)
The Netherlands
Altamira LNG CV (60%) 
Altamira LNG Management B.V . (60%) 
Cross-Ocean C.V . (50%) 
Cosco Container Lines (Netherlands) B.V . (50%) 
Gate terminal B.V . (47 .5%) 
Gate terminal Management B.V . (50%) 
MultiCore CV (25%) 
Vopak Terminal Eemshaven B.V . (50%) 
Pakistan
Engro Vopak Terminal Ltd. (50%)
Spain
Terminals Quimicos SA (Terquimsa) (50%)
United Arab Emirates
Vopak Horizon Fujairah Ltd. (33.33%)
United Kingdom
Morzine Limited (Thames Oilport) (33.33%)
Asia
China
Vopak Terminal Ningbo Co. Ltd. (37 .5%)  
Vopak Shanghai Logistics Company Ltd. (50%)  
Vopak Nanjiang Petrochemicals Terminal Tianjin 
Company Ltd. (50%) 
Vopak Ethylene Terminal Tianjin Co. Ltd. (50%)  
Vopak Bohai Petrochemicals (Tianjin) Terminal Co. 
Ltd. (50%)  
Tianjin Lingang Vopak Jetty Co. Ltd. (30%)  
Vopak Terminal SDIC Yangpu Co. Ltd. (49%)  
Vopak Sealink Terminal (Dongguan) Co. Ltd. (50%)  
Dongguan Sealink Jetty Co. Ltd. (50%) 
Indonesia
PT Jakarta Tank Terminal (49%)
Japan
Nippon Vopak Co. Ltd. (40%)
Korea
Vopak Terminals Korea Ltd. (51%)
69Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

Page 70:
Malaysia
Kertih Terminals Sdn. Bhd. (30%)1  
Pengerang Terminals Sdn. Bhd. (49%)2 
Pengerang Independent Terminals Sdn. Bhd. (89.8%)3
Thailand
Thai Tank Terminal Ltd. (49%)
Latin America
Brazil
Uniao-Vopak Armazens Gerais Limitada (50%)
Mexico
Terminal de Altamira de S. de R.L. de C.V . (60%) 
TLA Servicios de R.L. de C.V . (60%)
Panama
Payerdi Terminal Company S. de R.L. (50%)
1 Vopak Terminal Penjuru Pte. Ltd. 30% ownership in Kertih Terminals Sdn. Bhd.
2 Vopak Terminal Pengerang B.V . 49% ownership in Pengerang Terminals Sdn. Bhd.
3 Pengerang Terminals Sdn Bhd. 89.8% ownership in Pengerang Independent Terminals Sdn. Bhd.
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 70
Other information   |   Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

Page 71:
Glossary
Biofuels/Biodiesel 
Products of vegetable origin or from animal fats 
that are added to gasoline or diesel
Brownfield 
A project describing the expansion of storage 
capacity at an existing terminal
BTEX 
Benzene Toluene & Xylenes (specific type of 
groundwater and soil contaminations)
Cbm  
Cubic meter
CDP  
Carbon Disclosure Project
CEO 
Chief Executive Officer, the highest ranking 
executive with the overall responsibility of the 
organization
CFO 
Chief Financial Officer, member of the Executive 
Board, specifically charged with Finance
COO 
Chief Operating Officer, member of the Executive 
Board, specifically charged with Operations & 
Technology
Corporate Governance 
The manner in which the company is managed and 
the supervision of management is structured
CRSA 
Corporate Risk Self-Assessment
CSR 
Corporate Social Responsibility
DJSI 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index
EMEA 
Vopak division Europe, Middle East & Africa
Greenfield 
Building a new terminal on undeveloped land
GRI 
Global Reporting Initiative (for more information 
visit www.globalreporting.org)
HR 
Human Resources
Hub 
Regional storage and transport centre
ICT 
Information and Communication Technology
ILO 
International Labour Organization
IOCs 
International Oil Companies
ISO 
International Organization for Standardization
KPI 
Key Performance Indicator
LNG 
Liquefied Natural Gas
LPG 
Liquefied Petroleum Gas
LTIR 
Lost Time Injury Rate; number of accidents 
entailing absence from work per million hours 
worked (of own personnel and contractors at 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates)
MJ  
Megajoules
NGO 
Non-Governmental Organization
NPS 
Net Promoter Score; a method of measuring the 
strength of customer loyalty for an organization
NYSE 
New Y ork Stock Exchange
71Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   Glossary

Page 72:
OECD 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and 
Development  
SECA  
Sulphur Emission Control Area
SHE 
Safety, Health and Environment
THA 
Terminal Health Assessment
Throughput 
Volume of a product handled by a terminal in a 
given period, calculated as (in + out)/2
TJ  
Terrajoules
TIR 
Total Injury Rate; Total number of injuries per 
million hours worked (own personnel and 
contractors)
UNESCO 
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural 
Organization
VBDO 
Vereniging van Beleggers voor Duurzame 
Ontwikkeling (Dutch Association of Investors for 
Sustainable Development)
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 72
Other information   |   Glossary

Page 73:
Contact us
Royal Vopak
Global Communication & Investor Relations 
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2911 
Email: global.communication@vopak.com
Visiting address
Westerlaan 10 
3016 CK Rotterdam 
The Netherlands
Postal address
P .O. Box 863 
3000 AW Rotterdam 
The Netherlands
Sustainability contact
Willem van der Zon  
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2561 
Email: willem.van.der.zon@vopak.com
Media contact
Gerbert van Genderen Stort 
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2786 
Email: gerbert.stort@vopak.com
Investor Relations contact
Chiel Rietvelt 
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2776 
Email: chiel.rietvelt@vopak.com
Royal Vopak global office (Netherlands)
73Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   |
Other information   |   Contact us

Page 74:
Credits
Royal Vopak
Global Communication & Investor Relations 
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2911 
Email: global.communication@vopak.com
Consultancy, concept and design
DartGroup, Amsterdam
T ext support
Stampa, Amsterdam
T echnical realization
DartGroup, Amsterdam 
Polder Knowledge, Rotterdam 
Photography Executive Board members
Fotografie Alexander, Almere 
Vopak   |   Sustainability Report 2013   | 74
Other information   |   Credits

Page 75:
Royal Vopak
Westerlaan 10
3016 CK Rotterdam
P .O. Box 863
3000 AW Rotterdam
The Netherlands
Telephone: +31 (0)10 400 2911
Email: global.communication@vopak.com
www.vopak.com
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						• 
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•
•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•						•

