Page 1:
Integrated Annual Report 2023Wereldhave N.V.
 Integrated Annual Report 2023
LifeCentral progress:
From promise to proof

Page 2:
Wereldhave Full Service Centers contribute to a better 
everyday life for visitors and better business for tenants.
A one-stop location for groceries, shopping, leisure, relaxation,  
sports, health, work and other daily needs – all supported by smart concepts 
and digital services. By investing sustainably to meet the needs of customers 
and local areas, we enrich communities, while caring for the environment, 
and have a positive effect on the way people live, work and shop. 
Wereldhave Full Service Centers play a vital role in people’s everyday  
lives in leading regional cities in the Netherlands, Belgium and France.
Annual Report 2023 
Wereldhave N.V.
I
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction


Page 3:
How this Report is structured 
Our Integrated Annual Report comprises two main sections: 
• The first describes our business and operating environment, our strategy, performance, 
outlook and governance (pages 2 - 113). 
• The second contains our formal disclosures, including our financial statements  
(pages 114 - 185). 
Our Supervisory Board Report is included in the Governance section (from page 60). 
Detailed sustainability disclosures may be found at the end of this Report (from page 177). 
For more information about our approach to reporting, please see the Basis of Preparation 
(page 98). 
If you have any questions regarding this report or its contents, please contact our Investor 
Relations department at investor.relations@wereldhave.com 
Reporting standards used 
This Integrated Annual Report has been prepared in accordance with the Integrated 
Reporting <IR> Framework, as well as the latest standards issued by the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI). All financial statements comply with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards, as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and the Dutch Civil Code. 
For further information, see page 98. 
Electronic reporting format 
In addition to this version, there is also a European single electronic reporting format (ESEF) 
version of this Report available on our website www.wereldhave.com/investor-relations/
reports-publications/annual-reports/. It should be noted that, in case of any discrepancies, 
the ESEF version prevails. 
Statement from our Board of Management 
As Wereldhave’s Board of Management, we take responsibility for the content and accuracy 
of this Integrated Annual Report. We believe this Report provides a fair and balanced picture 
of Wereldhave’s business, strategy and performance, and its ability to continue creating 
value for both stakeholders and wider society. This Report is intended for all our 
stakeholders, particularly providers of financial capital. 
About Wereldhave 
Established in 1930, Wereldhave is headquartered in Amsterdam. Our shares are listed on 
Euronext Amsterdam and included in the AScX index. We are registered in the Netherlands as 
an investment institution, which means our corporation tax rate is 0% (excluding development 
activities). In Belgium, our investments consist of a 66.16% stake in Wereldhave Belgium, which 
is registered as a tax-exempt investment company, listed on Euronext Brussels. Our remaining 
investments in France are subject to that country’s SIIC regime (société d’investissement 
immobilier cotée). Wereldhave is a member of several leading industry organizations, including 
the European Public Real Estate Association (EPRA), the Global Real Estate Sustainability 
Benchmark (GRESB) and the Dutch Green Building Council. 
Welcome to Wereldhave’s 2023 Integrated Annual Report. This Report provides an overview of the Company’s business, strategy, performance and 
governance during the year. It also looks at how Wereldhave endeavors to create long-term value for the Company’s main stakeholder groups: its 
tenants, investors, business partners and employees, as well as the millions of people who visit Wereldhave centers in the Netherlands, Belgium and 
France every year. 
Partner
About this Report
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
2
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction
Introduction
About this Report

Page 4:
Contents
Introduction
About this Report 2
Message from our CEO 4
Wereldhave in 2023
Our business  7
2023 in Review 12
Our business environment 14
Our strategy
Our LifeCentral strategy  19
Value creation 24
Our value creation model 25
Our performance and outlook
Financial performance & investors  27
Direct & Indirect result  30
Key developments in our markets  31
 - Netherlands  33
 - Belgium 36
 - France 38
Tenants and visitors 40
People and partners 44
A Better Tomorrow 48
Carbon flow analysis 51
Outlook  58
Governance
Governance 61
Risk management and internal 
controls  64
Supervisory Board report 69
Remuneration report 2023 
Wereldhave N.V. 74
Statement by the Board of 
Management 94
Alternative performance measures 95
Additional information
Basis of preparation 98
Qualifying notes ESG reporting 99
Materiality 101
Property portfolio 102
EPRA performance measures 104
Five-year performance tables 111
Share performance 112
Financial statements
Consolidated financial statement  115
Consolidated statement of financial 
position 115
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 120
Company financial statements 157
Notes to the company 
financial statements 159
Other information 165
Auditor’s report 166
Appendix
List of abbreviations 176
Contribution to Sustainable 
Development Goals 177
Social indicators 178
Environmental indicators 181
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
3
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction


Page 5:
Message from our CEO 
After fixing our balance sheet and transforming our portfolio 
following the launch of our ‘LifeCentral' strategy in 2020, 
we achieved another landmark at Wereldhave in 2023: 
the purchase of Polderplein shopping center in Hoofddorp, 
our first significant acquisition since 2018. 
It's a milestone for several reasons. Its direct connection  
to our new Full Service Center Vier Meren gives us 
opportunities to create additional value for our visitors 
and tenants. On top of this, we largely funded the 
investment with € 52 million in new equity – our first share 
issuance since 2015. 
What is more, it really stands out because it marks the start 
of the next phase of our LifeCentral strategy: growth. 
Phase two of LifeCentral 
In the coming years, we will look to grow the portfolio, 
whilst exploring new geographies. We are able to do so due 
to our improved credit profile, which we achieved through 
cost savings and the execution of our divestment strategy in 
recent years. The strength of our credit profile was 
underlined by successfully arranging US private placements 
(USPP) to the value of USD 100 million and € 85 million of 
new bank loans, in addition to an agreement with a new, 
renowned bank, who has added € 25m in additional 
funding capacity to our corporate Revolving Credit Facility. 
We are also taking this step because we need to. Having 
invested close to 70% of our designated LifeCentral capex 
in Full Service Center transformations, we must now 
scale to secure future growth and improve our cost of 
capital. We are also looking outside our existing markets 
for two reasons: first, because of the lack of sufficient 
viable assets in our core markets; second, because the 
upcoming abolition of the Dutch REIT regime, combined 
with increased commercial property transfer taxes, 
It’s been a busy and successful year for 
Wereldhave. Despite a challenging economic 
environment, we saw an indexation-driven 
8% like-for-like growth in rental income, with 
solid operating results enabling us to report a 
direct result per share (DRPS) for the year of  
€ 1.73, representing 6% growth versus 2022. 
Matthijs Storm “  Our Full Service Centers 
and their diverse tenant 
mix provided a high 
level of resilience for 
Wereldhave in what  
was an economically 
challenging year.”
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
4
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction
Message from our CEO

Page 6:
could prevent us from reaching our increased 8% unlevered 
internal rate of return (IRR) threshold in our existing markets. 
We will review the different options to rotate capital – for 
instance through joint ventures – and may consider 
acquiring assets outside our core markets. These assets 
will then be transformed into Full Service Centers as part 
of our LifeCentral strategy; applying our disciplined IRR 
framework to every acquisition whilst protecting the 
strong balance sheet rebuilt carefully over the past years. 
We are confident in our growth strategy because of 
the success we’ve had so far in our Full Service Center 
transformations. In 2023, we delivered four more Full 
Service Centers – on average 94% let and completed 
on time and within budget – taking us to nine overall. Our 
property values also increased for the first time since we 
launched the new strategy, driven mainly by the improved 
cash flow from our Full Service Centers. In 2024, we will 
continue to work on our next four Full Service Centers, and 
expect to start promising transformation projects in Bruges, 
Liège and Nivelles. 
Strong performance in tough circumstances 
Our Full Service Centers and their diverse tenant mix also 
provided a high level of resilience for Wereldhave 
(underpinned by >98% rent collection) in what was an 
economically challenging year. Daily life stores now account 
for 66% of our portfolio – a significant increase from 51% 
when we launched our strategy. This means we are now 
less reliant on economically vulnerable sectors like fashion, 
and get a boost when consumers begin to prioritize daily 
essentials, like groceries, during tighter times. Altogether, 
our Full Service Centers delivered an annualized return 
(unlevered) of 8%, with retail sales climbing 13% post-
conversion to Full Service Centers, significantly 
outperforming our remaining centers. 
As part of our strategy, we are taking opportunities like this 
to increase the number of mixed-use tenants, moving them 
into vacant spaces in a way that does not disrupt our high-
performing daily life retailers. By doing so, we increased the 
share of mixed-use tenants at our centers to 14.1% in 2023. 
A more effective organization 
To support our growth ambitions, we have integrated our 
management teams for Wereldhave Holding and Wereldhave 
Netherlands, cutting costs and making us more effective and 
efficient. We also successfully implemented a new Enterprise 
Resource Planning (ERP) system, a significant investment 
that provides the backbone for our digital transformation 
strategy. Finally, we welcomed William Bontes to our 
Supervisory Board – a seasoned finance professional who 
joins under the chair of Françoise Dechesne. 
A Better Tomorrow 
While progressing with LifeCentral, we have pushed on with 
our sustainability strategy A Better Tomorrow. Since 2018, 
we have cut our scope 1 & 2 CO2 emissions by 35% – 
significantly better than our target – thanks to investments 
in solar panels, insulation, waste management, and electric 
vehicle charging stations. We were rewarded for our work 
with a five-star GRESB rating for the tenth consecutive year. 
With over two-thirds of our ESG capex yielding a return, we 
expect to invest approximately € 5 million on ESG-related 
capex for 2024 and 2025 combined. 
2024 Outlook 
Looking ahead, inflation looks set to reduce further in 2024, 
and property valuations could benefit if this leads to a 
lowering of interest rates. During the year, we will be cautious 
in assessing our acquisition options and exploring possible 
new joint ventures. In addition, we will monitor the French 
investment markets closely with a view to divesting our 
lower-yielding French assets when the markets pick up again. 
Finally, we expect a DRPS of € 1.75 in 2024 despite the 
dilutive impact of the newly issued shares in December 
2023 and an increasing cost of debt. 
Amsterdam, 13 March 2024 
Matthijs Storm,  
CEO 
Scan this QR-code to watch our 
Wereldhave - Full-year results 2023 
highlights video.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
5
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction


Page 7:
Our business  7
2023 in Review 12
Our business environment 14
Wereldhave in 2023
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
6
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023
Wereldhave in 2023

Page 8:
Our business
Wereldhave owns and operates commercial centers across the Netherlands, Belgium and France. 
We are currently transforming these into Full Service Centers – where everyday convenience 
shopping meets leisure, relaxation, sports, health, work and other daily needs. At the end of 2023, 
nine of our commercial centers qualify as Full Service Centers.
Our portfolio
We own 21 centers in total, with more than 630,000 m2 
devoted to shopping and other services – plus over 
60,000 m² in office space. In 2023, we welcomed more 
than 97 million visitors to our centers.
When choosing locations for investment, we aim for prime 
sites in large regional cities – including Tilburg, Arnhem, 
Hoofddorp, Nieuwegein and Dordrecht in the Netherlands 
and Liège, Courtrai and Tournai in Belgium. Our two centers 
in France are in Bordeaux and Argenteuil (Paris).
We also opt to invest in centers that have strong links to the 
local community and local government, are well connected 
and serviced by public transport, and where we can offer 
free parking for visitors. At the end of 2023, our investments 
in our centers were worth approximately € 2.1 billion.
Daily life stores account for 66% of our floor space – this 
includes food and groceries, homeware & household, 
health & beauty, sports, leisure and fitness. Our centers are 
usually anchored around supermarkets or hypermarkets. 
Among our tenants are some of the best-known names in 
European retail, including Ahold Delhaize, C&A, Carrefour, 
HEMA, Blokker and H&M. 
48%
44%
8%
Portfolio by location 
(including oﬃces, end 2023)
Netherlands
Belgium
France
€ /two.tnum./two.tnum billion
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
7
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023
Our business 

Page 9:
Tenant mix core portfolio
(by share of annual rental income, 2023)
% of rent
1. Ahold Delhaize 5.7%
2. Jumbo Group 4.6%
3. A. S. Watson Group 3.1%
4. C&A 3.1%
5. Carrefour 2.2%
6. Bestseller 2%
7. Mirage Retail Group (Blokker) 2%
8. The Sting 1.6%
9. H&M 1.5%
10. A.F. Mulliez (Decathlon, Kiabi) 1.4%
Top 10 Tenants 27.1%
Our approach to business
We take a long-term approach to business to ensure we 
create value for our stakeholders: for our tenants, business 
partners, employees and communities, as well as the 
people who visit our centers. We also look to consistently 
maintain, improve and modernize our centers to attract 
visitors – and, in turn, provide attractive returns for our 
shareholders. Typically, our centers are comprised of 
between 20,000 and 50,000 m2 in lettable space – our 
largest centers are Cityplaza in Nieuwegein, the combined 
Vier Meren and Polderplein in Hoofddorp, Kronenburg 
in Arnhem and Les Bastions in Tournai. See page 102 for 
a full list of our locations1.
Our purpose
Our purpose as a company is to contribute to a better 
everyday life for visitors and better business for tenants. 
That means fulfilling the daily needs of the people who 
come to us – whether it’s to buy new clothes, shop for 
groceries, meet friends for dinner or catch a movie – by 
creating centers that go beyond retail. We are thankful 
to have been welcomed into so many communities, 
which is why we also put importance on protecting the 
environment and supporting social initiatives.
1 At the end of 2023, the average size of our centers was 30,000 m2.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
8
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 10:
Full Service Center Vier Meren in Hoofddorp 
opened in September 2023 and features an upgraded F&B offering in the heart of the center
(% of annual rental income, end 2023)
14
13
9
9
11
10
24
7 3
Tenant mix core portfolio by sector
*This includes amongst others Sport, Fitness, Personal care, Services, 
  Healthcare, Leisure, Serving the community.
Daily Life:
Other Daily life retail*
Food
Health & beauty
F&B
Homeware & household
Fashion (discount)
Non-daily Life:
Fashion (mainstream)
Shoes
Multimedia & electronics
Other Non-daily life 
Total
daily life:
66%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
9
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 11:
1. Investment
2. Location
4. Returns
3. Rent
1. We invest in commercial 
centers and office space, mainly 
in the Netherlands and Belgium.
2. We make sure we have the right 
locations to attract tenants and 
the right mix of shops and services 
to bring visitors into our centers.
3. Tenants pay us rent either as a 
fixed amount, a share of their 
revenues or a combination of both. 
We also offer add-on services to our 
tenants and invest to improve and 
upgrade our locations.
4. We expect our centers to 
generate a minimum rate of return 
– and will divest centers that fail to 
meet this rate. From our profits, 
we work to provide attractive 
dividends to our shareholders.
How our business works
Our
Business
Model
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
10
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 12:
Belgium
• Tournai (Les Bastions 
Retailpark, 
Les Bastions Shopping)
• Genk (Shopping 1, 
Stadsplein)
• Bruges Retailpark (Bruges)
• Courtrai (Ring Kortrijk)
• Liège (Belle-Île)
• Nivelles (Nivelles Shopping)
• Waterloo (Waterloo)
• Turnhout
• Antwerp (The Sage)
• Vilvoorde (The Sage)
8
21 2
Commercial centers  Office locations Commercial center surface owned
630,000m2
France
• Argenteuil (Côté Seine)
• Bordeaux (Mériadeck)
2
Netherlands
• Arnhem (Kronenburg, 
Presikhaaf)
• Capelle aan den IJssel (De 
Koperwiek)
• Dordrecht (Sterrenburg)
• Purmerend (Eggert)
• Roosendaal (Roselaar)
• Tilburg (City Center Tilburg)
• Heerhugowaard 
(Middenwaard)
• Hoofddorp (Vier Meren/
Polderplein)
• Leiderdorp (Winkelhof)
• Nieuwegein (Cityplaza)
11
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
11
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 13:
2023 in Review
First quarter
• Wereldhave’s fifth Full Service Center, Sterrenburg in 
Dordrecht (the Netherlands), is officially opened almost 
fully let.
• Our new Enterprise Resource Planning system is 
implemented to support our commercial, operational 
and financial processes.
• Launched a new Executive Team and Management Team, 
consisting of integrated management teams for 
Wereldhave Holding and Wereldhave Netherlands, 
to manage the progression of Wereldhave’s LifeCentral 
strategy.
• 16 new leases are signed in the Netherlands – including 
New Y orker and Action – while in Belgium, Basic-Fit, 
Rituals and Sports Direct all sign new leases.
• Our sustainable Closet Sale concept, where individuals 
can a rent space for a day to sell clothes, accessories and 
decorations, is rolled out to six more centers following 
its introduction at Cityplaza Nieuwegein in 2022.
 
Third quarter
• Basic-Fit opens new flagship gym at Full Service Center 
Les Bastions in Tournai (Belgium).
• Wereldhave moves its head office from Schiphol to a 
sustainable and monumental office building in 
Amsterdam, realizing cost-savings along the way.
• Vier Meren in Hoofddorp (the Netherlands), our sixth Full 
Service Center, opens 91% let, with a significantly improved 
tenant mix to create a strong combination of retail, F&B, 
leisure and public services for visitors and residents.
• The redevelopment of our Stadsplein center in Genk 
(Belgium) to improve the visibility of the shopfronts gets 
underway; the work is due for completion by 2024.
• Customer demand for office space underlined as our 
commercial office space in Berchem, Antwerp is fully let.
• The newly developed eat&meet F&B cluster in Eggert 
Center (the Netherlands) opens with four new or renewed 
tenants.
• Wereldhave receives a five-star GRESB rating for the 10th 
consecutive year, ranking number one in its peer group.
• In July, Wereldhave secures new long-term funding 
worth USD 50 million from a US Private Placement - the 
Company’s first USPP transaction since 2017.
Second quarter
• Full Service Center Tilburg is awarded the 2023 Kern 
annual development award acknowledging the success 
of one of the largest recent inner-city redevelopment 
projects in the Netherlands.
• A five-year extension for the lease for Albert Heijn XL at 
our Kronenburg center in Arnhem is agreed, including 
locations for Gall & Gall and Etos.
• A package rental agreement with Calzedonia/Intimissimi 
for Nivelles Shopping and Shopping 1 in Genk is agreed.
• The eat&meet square in our Mériadeck center in 
Bordeaux reopens after a recent upgrade.
• Wereldhave signs a partnership with the Dutch Employee 
Insurance Agency (UWV) to organize more job fairs to 
support our tenants in recruiting, particularly among 
communities.
• Shareholders reappoint Matthijs Storm as CEO for a 
 further term of four years. William Bontes is appointed to 
the Supervisory Board, and Françoise Dechesne is reap-
pointed to continue her role as Supervisory Board chair.
Q3
Q1
Q2
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
12
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023
2023 in Review

Page 14:
Fourth quarter
• Full Service Center transformations at De Koperwiek in 
Capelle aan den IJssel, Eggert Center in Purmerend 
(the Netherlands) and Shopping 1 in Ghent (Belgium) 
are completed and open to the public.
• In November, Wereldhave secures more long-term 
funding, worth USD 50 million from a US Private 
Placement, with a term of seven years.
• Refinancing and new credit facilities with Belgian banks 
are agreed, worth € 85 million, with an average term 
of 4.5 years.
• In December, Wereldhave purchases the Polderplein 
shopping center in Hoofddorp (the Netherlands), marking 
the first significant acquisition since 2018.
• Wereldhave raises € 52 million in new equity - the first 
share issuance since 2015.
• Wereldhave hosts analysts and institutional investors 
on a Capital Markets Day in the new head office in 
Amsterdam and in Full Service Centers
• Wereldhave announces the sale of its “The Box” retail 
center in Genk (Belgium).
Q4
Key performance indicators
Operations shopping centers 2022 2023
Like-for-like NRI growth (in %) 9.1 7.9
Occupancy (in %) 96.8 96.6
Visitors (in millions) 84.1 97.8
Leasing activities (# leases) 265 285
Proportion of mixed-use Benelux (in m2) 13.2% 14.1%
Customer satisfaction Benelux (NPS) 24 24
Results & finance 2022 2023
Net rental income (in €m) 115.2 126.4
Direct result (in €m) 79.8 84.2
Indirect result (in €m) -3.8 5.1
Total result (in €m) 76.0 89.3
Direct result per share (in €) 1.63 1.73
EPRA Net Tangible Assets (NTA) per share (in €) 21.73 21.90
Dividend paid per share (in €) 1.10 1.16
Investment property (in €m) 2,000 2,162
Shareholders’ equity (in €m) 886 964
Net debt (in €m) 842 916
Net Loan-To-Value (LTV) (in %) 42.4 42.7
Outlook 2024
Direct result per share estimate of € 1.75
Sustainability 2022 2023
Building energy intensity (kWh/m2/year, retail) 47.9 42.1
Solar energy produced onsite (MWh, like for like)  4,495 3,869
Green spaces (m2) 37,115 41,071
Employee engagement 7.6 7.0
% Green lease 62% 67%
Society investments (in €m) 2 2
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
13
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 15:
Our business environment
During 2023, economies were hit with increased interest rates and inflation levels that, though decreasing from the previous year, remained high – 
holding back growth across Benelux and France and putting pressure on tenants and consumers. Even so, occupancy rates were strong and footfall 
at our Full Service Centers increased to above pre-pandemic levels, thanks in part to consumer prioritization of ‘essential’ goods bought at daily life 
retailers – such as food, homeware and cleaning products.
1 In France, indexation was capped at a maximum of 3.5%.
2 Source: Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek (January 2024).
Economic conditions
Inflation in 2023 remained above the European Central 
Bank’s (ECB) 2% target in each of the Netherlands, France 
and Belgium, having only slowly decreased from highs 
brought on by major recent events like war in Ukraine, 
geopolitical tension between the US and China, and the 
Covid-19 pandemic.
In September, in a bid to curb higher inflation, the ECB 
raised interest rates to a record high of 4.0% – a tenth 
straight increase, far above the -0.5% rate only 15 months 
ago – resulting in only modest GDP growth, increased 
financing costs for companies and slowing consumer 
demand.
Despite tighter credit conditions, Wereldhave has still been 
able to access financing because of our successful strategy 
and careful financial management – agreeing US Private 
Placements (USPP) for the first time since 2017, before 
successfully raising new equity for the first time since 2015.
Along with this, with our rents indexed against inflation, we 
saw a further increase in our Net Rental Income1. However, 
inflation also increased our construction costs. 
Most costs associated with our current projects were fixed 
until the end of 2023, meaning our LifeCentral strategy was 
unaffected by higher costs, and we could complete four Full 
Service Center transformations on time and within budget. 
In 2024, we continue to work on transformations. Despite 
higher costs, the transformations can continue, in separate 
phases to spread capital expenditure, with full completion of 
the program planned for 2026. 
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
GDP growth in the Netherlands, Belgium, 
and France (2023 vs. 2022)  
/zero.tnum%
Source: Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD), 
 Economic Outlook 2023 (November 2023).
FranceNetherlands Belgium
/five.tnum%/four.tnum%/three.tnum%/two.tnum%/one.tnum%
Tenant impact
Economic conditions had a varied impact on the leasing 
market, with some strong brands expanding and new 
entrants joining the market. However, with companies 
confronted by higher costs and rising wages, bankruptcies 
increased by more than 50% in the Netherlands in 2023 
compared with 20222.
Wereldhave carries out regular data-driven assessments of 
tenants and their sales and payment behavior to pre-empt 
bankruptcies, with tenants that do not pay their full rents 
replaced, keeping occupancy rates above 95%. Valuations 
increased for the first time in eight years, driven by the 
performance of completed Full Service Centers.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
14
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023
Our business environment

Page 16:
Cost of living
High prices also continued to put a squeeze on consumer 
spending. Retail sales volume shrank for the first time in 
ten years in the Netherlands3, with the sharpest decline in 
non-food sales, as consumers prioritized food and essential 
clothing instead.
At the same time, unemployment remained low thanks in 
part to a skills shortage across most European economies, 
while wages increased year-on-year in the Netherlands, 
France and Belgium – with governments in each 
announcing an increase to the minimum wage to help 
support those on smaller incomes.
For Wereldhave, the number of daily life tenants continues 
to grow, now accounting for 66% of rental income – a 
4 percentage point increase year-on-year. These tenants 
are less exposed to economic fluctuations, with consumers 
prioritizing their goods over other “non-essentials” – which 
brings a degree of resilience to our centers.
3 Source: Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek (December 2023).
4 Over the past year, we have developed a scorecard to assess whether our locations qualify as Full Service Centers. See page 19 for further detail.
5 Those with FBI status in the Netherlands are exempt from paying corporation tax on their Dutch income.
Operational conditions
Online shopping remains popular, with 78% of adults and 
teenagers in the Netherlands buying online in H1 20234 – 
higher than the lockdown year of 2021. That said, footfall 
remained high – not least at our Full Service Centers. 
Retailers continue to move to a hybrid selling model that 
combines online and in-store, while shopping centers 
increasingly look to combine shopping, healthcare and 
leisure in one space, similar to our Full Service Centers.
For retail real estate investors, the markets have become 
challenging with, in the Netherlands, the financial landscape 
changing due to the increase of the Dutch transfer tax to 
10.4% and the upcoming abolition of the Dutch REIT regime 
(FBI) status5 – which Wereldhave has – in 2025. Combined 
with a lack of attractive and available assets in the region, 
investors are looking at other options, including markets 
outside the Netherlands and Belgium, as well as other asset 
classes.
Sustainability
Despite increased cost of living, consumers are continuing 
to spend money on eating out and on “experiences”, as well 
as opting to work, socialize and shop more locally. This 
underlines the connecting role centers have in their local 
communities, to bring people together as well as meeting 
their needs.
While they do this, there is continued scrutiny on 
companies’ social and environmental performance from 
governments and regulators, with companies expected to 
be transparent about the effects of their activities on society 
– and how they mitigate those effects. Moreover, social 
attitudes among the wider public are changing, with many 
wanting more from the brands they buy from and the 
services they use. Our centers must stand up to this scrutiny 
and reflect these changing attitudes – by supporting the 
transition to sustainable energy and working with tenants 
that align with transformed social attitudes toward climate, 
diversity, and human rights.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
15
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 17:
Note on material topics
1 Our previous assessment, conducted in 2021, used a single materiality approach, as defined under Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. 
We continued to use these material issues in 2023 between January and October.
We use an assessment of our business environment to identify 
the areas where we create most value for stakeholders and 
society – i.e. our material issues. We use these issues to 
structure what we report, how we assess performance, and 
how we engage with stakeholders.
In November 2023 we updated our material issues by 
conducting a double materiality assessment1, in line with the 
upcoming EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD). This assessment revealed six new material issues:
Material topics (from 2024 and onwards) Definition
1.  Climate change mitigation Reducing greenhouse gas emissions of own operations and Wereldhave assets 
by improving energy efficiency and using renewable energy sources.
2.  Material use Reducing adverse environmental impacts of materials used during construction 
activities in own operations and Wereldhave assets, focus on using sustainable 
materials and  integrating circular principles.
3.  Waste management Reducing the amount of waste from own operations and at Wereldhave assets by 
 promoting waste separation.
4.  Local community engagement Making a social impact in the area by actively engaging with local stakeholders and 
 promoting initiatives at the assets.
5.  Attractive assets Designing and maintaining safe, accessible and inclusive Wereldhave assets for 
tenants and visitors.
6.  Relationship with tenants Establishing and maintaining a good relationship with tenants of Wereldhave assets, 
with a focus on promoting sustainability.
These new issues will inform the work we do in reporting 
and with stakeholders going forward. In 2024, we will 
finalize definitions, metrics and targets, as well as impacts, 
risks and opportunities for each.
For more details of our assessment methodology please 
see our Note on Materiality Assessment on page 101.
Inﬂation in the Netherlands and Belgium 
(annual rate of consumer price inﬂation)
(in %)
January /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum December /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
February 2022:  
Russia invades Ukraine
Source: Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek, Statbel.
 
Netherlands Belgium
-/five.tnum
/zero.tnum
/five.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
16
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 18:
Growth in household spending slows 
in the Netherlands
(% year-on-year change)
Source: Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek.
January /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnumDecember /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum-/five.tnum
/zero.tnum
/five.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
Belgian consumer conﬁdence 
picking up in 2023 
(% year-on-year change)
Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Source: National Bank of Belgium. 
February 2022:  
Russia invades Ukraine
January /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnumDecember /two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum-/three.tnum/zero.tnum
-/two.tnum/five.tnum
-/two.tnum/zero.tnum
-/one.tnum/five.tnum
-/one.tnum/zero.tnum
-/five.tnum
/zero.tnum
/five.tnum
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
17
Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Wereldhave in 2023


Page 19:
Our strategy
Our LifeCentral strategy  19
Value creation 24
Our value creation model 25
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
18
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy
Our strategy

Page 20:
We are now over halfway through our Full Service Center transformations, after launching our 
LifeCentral strategy in 2020. Results from our completed Full Service Centers in the Netherlands 
and Belgium show continued success, with transformed centers outperforming the rest of our 
portfolio – underlining the strength of our strategy.
Our LifeCentral strategy
Full Service Center transformations
In 2023, we delivered four new Full Service Centers, taking 
us to nine in total and making it our most productive year 
for transformations yet. In the Netherlands, we completed 
transformations at Vier Meren in Hoofddorp, De Koperwiek 
in Capelle aan den IJssel and Eggert Center in Purmerend. 
In Belgium, we completed Full Service Center Shopping 1 
in Genk.
These new centers continue the roll-out of our new concept 
for retail real estate, where daily life retailers are combined 
with “mixed-use” tenants, including fresh food and 
restaurants, healthcare, gyms, leisure and cinemas – all in 
one space. We see the mix of shopping and leisure as the 
bedrock of our future and aim to occupy at least 19% of our 
centers with mixed-use tenants.
Thanks to the rate at which we have carried out LifeCentral 
so far, we are able to take our time with transformations in 
2024, to spread capital expenditure and avoid high 
construction costs and interest rates. That said, in 2024, 
we continue work on phase 1 of our transformation of 
Kronenburg in Arnhem, as well as the Cityplaza 
transformation in Nieuwegein and starting transformations 
on Middenwaard in Heerhugowaard and Nivelles Shopping 
in Nivelles. This progress will keep us on track to transform 
13 of our 17 traditional shopping centers from our core 
portfolio into Full Service Centers by 2026.
Full Service Centers projects 
(status, end 2023)
Location Lettable area 2023 2024 2025 2026
Cityplaza, Nieuwegein 
(The Netherlands) 50,691 m2
Middenwaard, 
 Heerhugowaard 
(The Netherlands)
35,781 m2
Nivelles Shopping, 
Nivelles 
(Belgium)
28,143 m2
Kronenburg, Arnhem 
(The Netherlands) 40,302 m2 (phase 1 only)
Please note: this table contains committed projects only. Work may take place in several 
phases. For simplicity, these phases may be shown together. The table does not show 
phases yet to be confirmed.
Our Full Service Center 
scorecard
All our Full Service Centers are analyzed against a 
Wereldhave scorecard, rolled out in 2022, which 
helps us assess how centers perform against five 
different elements:
• How much lettable space is devoted to mixed-use 
tenants
• Which commercial clusters are created in the 
center: every.deli, eat&meet or health and well-
being
• What facilities the center offers to visitors, such as 
the point, Play & Relax, home delivery or fast 
charging for electric vehicles
• What services are provided to tenants, including 
UpNext, our Flow By Wereldhave digital platform 
and our Tenant Support Program, a marketing 
program to drive store footfall and sales around 
new openings or in made-to-measure situations.
• Whether the center offers the right “basics” – 
restrooms, parking and public seating, as well as 
good environmental management1 and support 
for local environmental and social initiatives
To qualify as a Full Service Center, locations must 
achieve a minimum score, but we allow flexibility in 
how that score is made up, so that individual centers 
can fit with the needs of local consumers. 
1 Wereldhave’s Full Service Centers should have a minimum “Very Good” rating from 
BREEAM and a Paris-proof roadmap to limit impact on climate change. BREEAM refers 
to the Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method, widely 
used in the real estate industry to measure environmental performance. See page 52 
for further details.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
19
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy
Our LifeCentral strategy 

Page 21:
Welcome Polderplein
As we grow, so do our ambitions for LifeCentral.  
We entered the growth stage of LifeCentral with the 
acquisition of Hoofddorp’s approximately 17,000 m² 
Polderplein shopping center, along with its 
underground 417-space parking garage, in 
December. The acquisition was worth € 74m1, 
financed largely by the issuance of more than 
3.5 million Wereldhave shares2. The center, which 
we purchased fully let, is directly connected to Vier 
Meren and, combined, will create a Full Service 
Center with 49,100 m² lettable area and more than 
100 shops. The purchase is perfectly in line with 
Wereldhave’s strategy and acquisition criteria. By 
owning the entire space, infrastructure investments 
have better value, and we can create efficiencies by 
running two spaces as one. What is more, it allows 
us to implement a bigger, more convenient shopping 
experience with a greater variety of amenities for 
customers.
1 Including transaction costs, the purchase totaled € 83 million.
2 To finance the acquisition, Wereldhave issued 3,605,208 new shares, with 70% of the 
acquisition financed by equity, and the remaining 30% by cash.
Phase two of LifeCentral: growth
As shown by our Polderplein purchase, we have improved 
our credit profile enough to be ready to acquire new 
centers. As part of our growth plans, we will look for assets 
both inside and outside our core markets.
This is a necessary step for Wereldhave. We have invested 
almost 70% of our LifeCentral capex in Full Service Center 
transformations, meaning we must now scale to ensure 
future growth and improve our cost of capital.
We will review the different options to rotate capital out 
of the Netherlands – for example, through joint ventures – 
and may acquire assets in a third country outside the 
Netherlands or Belgium. We are open to this because of the 
lack of sufficient viable assets in our core markets and the 
upcoming abolition of the Dutch REIT regime. Losing the 
REIT regime, when combined with increased commercial 
property transfer taxes, could prevent us from reaching 
our increased 8% unlevered internal rate of return (IRR) 
threshold in our existing markets. We will transform any 
asset we acquire into a Full Service Center as part 
of our LifeCentral strategy – applying our disciplined 
IRR framework to every acquisition to protect the strong 
balance sheet rebuilt carefully over the past years.
Meeting consumer needs
At our Full Service Centers, consumers should find all 
their daily needs under one roof. These needs, we believe, 
fall into four main categories:
1. Fixing the basics – shopping for groceries and other 
everyday essentials
2. Self-expression – looking good and making the right 
impression, through fashion, home decoration and 
health & beauty
3. Enjoying life – being able to spend leisure time with 
friends and family in bars, restaurants and cinemas etc.
4. Well-being – looking after your health and well-being 
through healthcare, fitness, and personal development
 
As part of LifeCentral, we continuously look to roll out our 
new services to our centers to meet these needs, including 
our healthcare and F&B clusters – including every.deli and 
eat&meet – as well as our service hub the point.
We combine these new services with more traditional retail 
and daily life stores, which continue to perform better than 
expected post-Covid and since the launch of LifeCentral. 
It’s a winning combination that enables us to further 
meet consumer needs, while a diverse tenant mix makes 
our centers more resilient if the economy worsens and 
consumers move away from purchases deemed to be 
non-essential, such as clothing, during harder times.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
20
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy


Page 22:
Financing and capital expenditure
Maintaining our strong balance sheet remains an important 
strategic objective within LifeCentral. Since launch, we have 
spent € 197 million of the just over € 290 million we planned 
to invest in our strategy, leaving € 94 million to complete 
our transformation program. To date, we have been able to 
complete all our Full Service Centers within budget, despite 
rising construction costs. Work usually takes place in 
controlled phases, so we can reassess progress and make 
adjustments to financing or building plans, where necessary. 
Furthermore, in 2023, all but one of our centers either met 
or was close to meeting our 7% (unlevered) minimum rate of 
return. In 2023 we increased our threshold for the (unlevered) 
internal rate of return (IRR) from 7% to 8%, driven by higher 
inflation and interest rates.
During the year, we looked to further strengthen our 
financial position. We agreed two US private placement 
transactions (USPP) worth USD 100 million – one with a 
tenure of five years, the other seven years. Along with this, 
we agreed with two Belgian banks to refinance € 65 million 
of credit facilities maturing in 2024 and a separate new 
credit facility of € 20 million. All these funding transactions 
are on an unsecured basis.1 Due to our strong financial 
position, we are under no pressure to sell our two remaining 
centers in France – in Bordeaux and Argenteuil (Paris). 
However, in December 2023, we sold our retail center 
The Box in Ghent, Belgium because, with just four tenants 
and a lettable area of approximately 4,000 m², it did not 
meet our Full Service Center criteria.
1 With these transactions, Wereldhave is extending its debt maturity profile significantly. 
On a pro forma basis, the weighted average duration of the Company’s debt portfolio 
will increase from 3.3 years to almost four years. See page 70 for more information.
Reducing costs
In 2023, we decided to further streamline our organization 
to help execute LifeCentral more effectively, integrating 
the management for Wereldhave Holding and Wereldhave 
Netherlands, creating new Executive and Management 
teams. As a result, we dissolved the separate Management 
Team for the Dutch market, aligning overheads with the size 
of our portfolio.
Residential property
Despite the economic environment, we still see an 
opportunity to develop new residential properties at 
our locations as part of our LifeCentral strategy, with the 
housing shortages in both the Netherlands and Belgium 
continuing throughout 2023. We are working on adding 
residential apartments at eight of our locations, though 
this process has been delayed by high construction costs 
and increasing financing costs – which has also prompted 
us to reduce the total number of residential units in 
development to between 1,200 and 1,600. In 2023, 
we signed an agreement with Amvest to build 156 new 
residential units at our Kronenburg center in 
the Netherlands.
Our F&B cluster eat&meet opened in 
Full Service Center Eggert Center in the summer of 2023
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
21
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy


Page 23:
A Better Tomorrow
As the company grows, so does our responsibility to 
operate sustainably, which is why sustainability is an 
integral part of our LifeCentral strategy. We believe 
we can continue to grow while limiting our 
environmental impact and protecting our centers 
and the communities they’re part of. We offer 
sustainability as part of our value proposition to 
tenants, for example helping them to adopt more 
sustainable working practices, cutting emissions, 
reducing waste going to landfill and phasing out 
single-use plastics. We do this through our A Better 
Tomorrow program, which is based on three pillars:
• Better footprint – reducing our impact on the 
environment and bringing our business in line 
with the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement
• Better nature – making sure we adapt our centers 
to the effects of climate change, particularly 
heavy rainfall and extreme heat
• Better living – supporting our local communities, 
and maintaining high standards of health and 
safety in our centers
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
22
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy


Page 24:
Opportunities
Create attractive 
centers with the right mix 
of shops and services
During 2023, we created four new Full Service Centers – three in the 
Netherlands, one in Belgium. We also acquired Polderplein in Hoofddorp, 
which we combined with Vier Meren for one larger Full Service Center. 
Results from our completed Full Service Centers outperformed other centers 
on major metrics including footfall and retail sales.
See page 32.
Increase profits and 
improve returns for 
shareholders
Despite a challenging economic environment, we saw an indexation-driven 
8% like-for-like growth in rental income, with solid operating results enabling 
us to report a direct result per share (DRPS) for the year of € 1.73, representing 
6% growth versus 2022. We expect a DRPS of € 1.75 in 2024.
See page 58.
Reduce reliance on more 
volatile sectors like 
fashion and shoes
In recent years, we have managed to increase mixed-use within our centers. 
In 2023, mixed-use accounted for 14.1%, putting us on course to reach our 
Blueprint target of 19%. We have also managed to increase daily life tenants, 
which accounted for 66%, while reducing fashion (mainstream) and shoe 
retailers by 3 percentage points.
See page 40.
Improve market valuations 
for leading locations
Since the start of our strategy, we have seen lower yields for locations either 
under development or already converted to Full Service Centers, reflecting 
investors’ increased confidence in our assets.1
See page 27.
Strengthen ties with local 
communities and reduce 
impact on climate and the 
environment
We finalized climate roadmaps for all our centers in Belgium – adding to our 
set for the Netherlands completed in 2022 – and donated € 2.1m to charities 
and good causes, equal to 1.7% of our Net Rental Income.
See page 48.
1 Since the start of our LifeCentral strategy, we have seen ‘yield compression’ across many centers: Vier Meren, Hoofddorp (117 points), De Koperwiek, Capelle aan den IJssel (48 points), Cityplaza, Nieuwegein (47 points), Sterrenburg, Dordrecht (34 points), Kronenburg, Arnhem (28 points), 
Middenwaard, Heerhugowaard (4 points), Belle-Île, Liège (15 points), and Ring Kortrijk, Courtrai (3 points).
Risks:
Failure to attract the right 
tenants to our centers
Leasing activity proved strong again in 2023, despite economic concerns. 
Thanks to strong demand, we have been able to attract new tenants to our 
centers from mixed-use sectors, such as F&B, fitness and healthcare, as well 
as daily life retailers.
See page 40.
Economic slowdown, 
putting squeeze on 
consumer spending
Figures show consumer spending is being squeezed by increased cost of 
living. So far, this has had little or no impact on leasing activity, though it may 
begin to affect the retail sector if it persists long term.
See page 14.
Rising interest rates 
leading to higher 
financing costs
Higher interest rates will mean an increase in financing costs, though we 
were able to secure new financing with competitive margins because of our 
strong credit profile. Increased costs will also be offset, to some degree, by 
higher rental income from indexation.
See page 58.
Increased construction 
costs from price inflation, 
leading to possible delays 
or overruns
All construction projects were delivered in 2023 within budget and most on 
time, meaning Wereldhave can slow down ongoing projects to partly avoid 
increased construction costs.
See page 14.
Opportunities and risks
We understand that our LifeCentral strategy – and the clear choices we have made – involve both opportunities and risks. 
We take action to manage these and ensure we continue to create long-term value for stakeholders:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
23
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy


Page 25:
Value creation
Our approach to value creation
We create value for our stakeholders and society at large 
through our business activities. This value is often financial 
– for example, in shareholder dividends, employee salaries 
or payment to suppliers. We can also create social or 
environmental value too, in the way our centers provide 
access to shopping, services and social space for local 
communities.
However, we make trade-offs in carrying out our business 
activities which may deplete value. For example, our centers 
and our tenants consume energy and resources, and are 
part of wider value chains that may cause social and 
environmental harm through the sale of goods. We take 
this seriously and have shaped our LifeCentral strategy 
in a way that can help minimize adverse impacts – by 
reducing our energy use, managing waste, and upholding 
strict standards for suppliers and other business partners.
1 This model is based on the Integrated Reporting Framework.
Our stakeholders
We define our stakeholders as: individuals or organizations 
who may affect our business, strategy and performance or 
who, in turn, may be affected by the decisions we take as a 
company. Our aim is to maximize the value we create for 
these groups. We realize that, ultimately, our social license 
to operate depends on creating long-term value for our 
main stakeholder groups:
• Tenants and visitors
• Investors (including both shareholders and creditors)
• Business partners, suppliers and employees
• Society and community
Our value creation model
From left to right, our value creation model1 shows 
the resources we need to operate our business, our 
business model and outcomes for our stakeholders – i.e., 
the value created or lost for each stakeholder group during 
the past year.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
24
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy
Value creation

Page 26:
 
Investment
Location
Returns
Rent
Our
business
model
Our value creation model
Tenants & visitors
Customer experience numbers remained more or less 
unchanged compared with the previous. During 2023, 
we were able to deliver four more Full Service Centers and 
further expanded lettable area devoted to mixed-use.
Investors
In 2023, our financial performance again improved. We 
proposed an increase in dividends for shareholders and 
reported a better-than-expected direct result per share.
Business partners, suppliers and employees
Payments to suppliers and sub-contractors increased during 
2023 - a reflection of Investments made In our assets. Salaries 
and benefits increased following the severance payments 
following the organizational changes. We took a cautious 
approach to new capital expenditure, proceeding step-by-step 
to minimize price risks.
Society and community
During 2023, we further reduced emissions. We continued to 
design Paris-Proofing in blueprints for our Full Service Centers, 
and support social initiatives.
Resources Value created for stakeholders
Financial resources
Including equity and debt financing, rents and other forms of 
income.
Our centers
Including all locations in the Netherlands, Belgium and France.
Internal processes and systems
Including IT and data management systems, procurement, 
leasing and facilities management.
Human capital
Including time, skills and personal engagement of employees, 
temporary staff and outside suppliers and contractors.
Business relationships
Including relationships with tenants, visitors, business 
partners, governments and local communities.
Use of natural resources
Including energy, water and building materials needed to cool, 
heat and maintain our centers.
Gross Rental Income: € 158m
Net debt: € 916m
Shareholders’ equity: € 964m
Total lettable area: 693,600m2
Value of portfolio: € 2,162m
Total capital expenditure: € 68m
New leases processed during 
the year: 298
Number of centers using 
Flow by Wereldhave: 21
General expenses: € 19m
Total spent on training and 
development: € 0.2m
Total number of employees (FTE): 117
Total number of current leases: 1,740
Total number of visitors to centers: 98m
Number of suppliers and 
contractors: 1,800
Energy consumption: 36,424 MWh
Water use: 156,922m3
Customer experience (NPS): 
+24 vs. +24) 1
Lettable area devoted to mixed-use: 
14.1% (vs. 13.2%)
Number of Full Service Centers in 
operation: 9 (vs. 5)
Total dividend payments to 
shareholders: € 59m (vs. € 54m)
Direct result: € 84m (vs. € 80m)
Indirect result: € 5m (vs. -€ 4m)
Payments made to suppliers and 
other sub-contractors: € 143m (vs. 
€ 126m)
Salaries, pensions and other 
benefits paid to employees: € 17m 
(vs. € 15m)
Carbon emissions: 2,857 tons 
(vs. 3,441 tons) 2
Waste going to landfill: 68 metric 
tons (vs. 53 metric tons)
Contributions to social initiatives: 
€ 2m (vs. € 2m)
1 NPS - Net Promoter Score. Please note NPS covers centers in the Netherlands and Belgium only. See page 41 for further details.
2 Scopes 1 and 2 only
Note: All figures above relate to 2023. Where relevant, comparable figures are provided in parentheses (to show value created or lost during the year). Tons refers to metric tons. 
Resources on the left are based on the Integrated Reporting Framework’s six capitals (financial, manufactured, intellectual, human, social & relationship and natural). The right side of the model shows value created by stakeholder group.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
25
Wereldhave in 2023 Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our strategy
Our value creation model

Page 27:
Financial performance & investors  27
Direct & Indirect result  30
Key developments in our markets  31
 - Netherlands  33
 - Belgium 36
 - France 38
Tenants and visitors 40
People and partners 44
A Better Tomorrow 48
Carbon flow analysis 51
Outlook  58
Our performance and outlook
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
26
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Our performance and outlook

Page 28:
Our financial performance
Total result
Wereldhave’s total result for 2023 amounts to € 89.3 million 
(2022: € 76.0 million). The increase compared to the 
previous year was driven by the solid operating results, 
reflected in our direct result, and significant positive 
revaluations in our real estate portfolio, included in the 
indirect result.
Direct result
(in €m) 2022 2023
Net rental income 115.2 126.4
General costs -11.7 -10.9
Net interest -23.5 -31.0
Taxes on result -0.2 -0.3
Total direct result 79.8 84.2
Our direct result for 2023 totaled € 84.2m, representing a 
direct result per share (DRPS) of € 1.73. Gross rental income 
amounted to € 158.0m, up from € 140.9m in 2022, driven 
by higher indexation. It is clear that service costs paid and 
property expenses were affected by inflation. In addition, 
doubtful debt expenditure increased, as a result of several 
bankruptcies and defaulting tenants, primarily in Belgium, 
combined with relative low expenditure in 2022 following 
better than expected Covid-19 settlements.
Direct general costs amounted to € 10.9m, down from 
€ 11.7m in 2022. We have realized cost savings following 
the alignment of staff with the smaller asset base and 
our move to a more economical head office location.
Net interest expense increased to € 31.0m in 2023 from 
€ 23.5m in 2022. This was due to increased benchmark 
interest rates, which affected the cost of the variable rate 
portion of our debt, the refinancing of maturing debt at the 
actual market rates and higher net debt related to capital 
expenditure and the debt financed portion of the acquisition 
of the Polderplein center in Hoofddorp.
Indirect result
(in €m) 2022 2023
Valuation result -4.1 17.5
Result on disposal -4.5 -0.1
General costs -5.6 -7.7
Other income and expense 10.4 -4.6
Taxes - -
Total indirect result -3.8 5.1
Our indirect result for 2023 amounted to € 5.1m, due 
primarily to the significant upward revaluation of € 17.5m 
in our property portfolio, which was partly offset by 
negative fair value adjustments of derivatives of € 3.9m, 
reorganization costs of € 2.5m and various project related 
and other indirect costs of € 6.0m, including among others 
the one-off implementation costs related to the newly 
deployed ERP system.
The positive commercial revaluation of 0.8% of the portfolio’s 
book value, was driven primarily by an increase in the passing 
rent component of valuations, which was partly offset by the 
impact of higher yields. By the end of 2023, our portfolio’s 
average EPRA Net Initial Yield (NIY) stood at 6.3%.
Capital & financing
Wereldhave’s disciplined capital allocation framework is 
focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, delivering 
outperforming long-term value growth for shareholders 
through its investments, and returning appropriate dividends 
to shareholders. The company keeps targeting an LTV ratio 
of 35-40%.
To maintain acceptable leverage and long-term growth, our 
management’s policy is to allocate our Company’s recurring 
income partly to finance investments needed under the 
LifeCentral strategy, and partly in dividends to shareholders.
Current debt position
As at 31 December 2023, interest-bearing debt totaled 
€ 941.4m, which together with a cash balance of € 25.5m 
resulted in a net debt position of € 915.9m. Undrawn 
borrowing capacity amounted to € 127m. Our net loan-to-
value (LTV) ratio stood at 42.7% (compared with 42.4% 
at year-end 2022). The increase was due to funding for our 
transformation capex program and the acquisition of 
Polderplein, and was only partly offset by the impact of the 
disposal of the non-core asset The Box in Gent, Belgium. 
Financial performance & investors
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
27
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Financial performance & investors 

Page 29:
At year-end 2023, Wereldhave’s gross LTV stood at 43.9%, 
well below our bank covenant limit of 60%. The entire debt 
portfolio is unencumbered.
Debt position as at 31 December
(in €m unless otherwise stated) 2022 2023
Interest-bearing debt 856.8 941.4
Cash position 14.4 25.5
Net debt 842.4 915.9
Undrawn borrowing capacity 266.0 127.0
Net Loan-to-Value in % 42.4% 42.7%
Financing & credit facilities
After agreeing € 355m in refinancings with banks in 2022, 
we successfully continued our funding activities in 2023, 
significantly improving our debt maturity profile. In July 2023, 
we signed new US Private Placement debt (USPP) totaling 
USD 50m for a term of five years. In November 2023, we 
signed similar transactions with two investors, totaling USD 
50m for a term of seven years. The proceeds have been 
swapped into competitive fixed euro interest rates. From 
the proceeds, USD 75m was settled in January 2024. 
Wereldhave has been very active on the USPP market 
since 2011, with our previous placement made in 2017.
In January 2024, a new, renowned bank agreed to an 
initial participation of € 25m in our corporate syndicated 
Revolving Credit Facility.
In December 2023, Wereldhave Belgium expanded its 
credit facility with a local bank by € 20m for a term of five 
years. In addition, Wereldhave Belgium agreed with another 
bank to extend a total € 65m in credit facilities – which 
were originally set to expire in the second quarter of 2024 
– until 2028 (€ 30m) and 2029 (€ 35m).
Our disciplined capital allocation framework is focused on 
maintaining a strong balance sheet, delivering outperforming 
long-term value growth for shareholders through its 
investments and returning appropriate dividends to 
shareholders. The planned disposal of the two remaining 
French assets will help us achieve the targeted LTV ratio of 
35-40%.
Equity & net asset value
As at 31 December 2023, shareholders’ equity – including 
non-controlling interests – amounted to € 1,199.2m 
(compared with € 1,123.2m as at 31 December 2022).
The number of issued shares increased by 3,605,208 
shares to 43,876,129 ordinary shares, from 40,270,921 at 
year-end 2022. The new shares were issued in connection 
with the contribution in kind of the Polderplein shopping 
center in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands, to Wereldhave by 
DELA Vastgoed B.V. on 5 December 2023. This was our 
first share issuance since 2015.
On 31 December 2023, a total of 214,172 treasury shares 
were held by the Company.
As at 31 December 2023, our EPRA net tangible assets 
(NTA) stood at € 21.90 per share, an increase of 0.8% 
compared with 2022. Our NTA benefited from our positive 
direct and indirect result, offset by dividend payment to 
shareholders of € 1.16 per share in May 2023. Our total 
return based on EPRA NTA for 2023 was € 1.33 per share.
Dividend payment to investors
Wereldhave will propose to the Company’s Annual 
General Meeting a dividend for 2023 of € 1.20 per share, 
an increase of 3.4% compared to previous year.
Payment of annual dividends 
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum proposed/two.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum/nine.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum
(€ /share)
/one.tnum./eight.tnum/nine.tnum
/zero.tnum./five.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum./one.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum./one.tnum/six.tnum/one.tnum./two.tnum/zero.tnum
Charts shows dividends for each financial year. Please note that, in 2020, because of 
the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, Wereldhave decided to cancel its final dividend 
for 2019 (payable in 2020) and suspend interim payments for 2020. Dividend payments 
were resumed in May 2021.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
28
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 30:
Share price performance
During 2023, our share price increased by 15.9%. Total 
shareholder return for the year – including the € 1.16 per 
share dividend – came to 25.2%. By comparison, our 
benchmark – the FTSE EPRA Nareit Developed Europe 
Index – increased 12.6% during 2023.
Communications with investors
The trust of our investors is imperative to us, which is 
why we have a transparent process of capital allocation. 
During the year, we were able to meet with equity and 
US Private Placement investors face-to-face more than 
50 times, in a mixture of one-to-one and group meetings, 
face-to-face and online.
We hosted webcasts following the publication of our 
full-year and half-year results and also spoke at industry 
conferences to present our financial results and strategy. 
 
Presentations and results webcast replays are available 
on our website www.wereldhave.com.
Our Belle-Île Center in Liège (Belgium)
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
29
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 31:
Direct & Indirect result
2023 2022
(in € 1,000) direct result indirect result direct result indirect result
Gross rental income 157,960 - 140,921 -
Service costs charged 26,198 - 21,745 -
Total revenues 184,158 - 162,666 -
Service costs paid -34,475 - -29,000 -
Property expenses -23,265 - -18,498 -
Total expenses -57,740 - -47,498 -
Net rental income 126,418 - 115,168 -
Valuation results - 17,459 - -4,067
Results on disposals - -137 - -4,517
General costs -10,918 -7,723 -11,740 -5,630
Other income and expense - -641 19 -3,389
Operational result 115,500 8,958 103,447 -17,603
Interest charges -31,021 - -23,555 -
Interest income -0 - 45 -
Net interest -31,021 - -23,510 -
Other financial income and expense - -3,848 - 13,807
Result before tax 84,479  5,110 79,937 -3,796
Income tax -280 - -179 45
Result 84,199  5,110 79,757 -3,750
Profit attributable to:
Shareholders 69,726  9,694 65,186 -7,922
Non-controlling interest 14,473 -4,584 14,571 4,171
Result 84,199  5,110 79,757 -3,750
Basic earnings per share (€) 1.73  0.24 1.63 -0.20
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
30
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Direct & Indirect result 

Page 32:
Market overview
Visitor numbers in 2023 were higher than the previous year 
with footfall at Full Service Centers substantially higher than 
pre-pandemic levels – in what was our first full year without 
Covid-19 restrictions since 2019.
Tenant demand remained strong, with fewer underperforming 
‘red flag’ tenants than in 2020 – impressive given the 
availability of government Covid-19 support back then, and 
the squeeze on consumer spending and challenging 
economic circumstances we have experienced since.
Tenants unable to keep up with rent at Full Service Centers 
were replaced by mixed-use tenants – enabling us to 
increase our mixed use tenants to 14.1% (+0.9 percentage 
points), while keeping valuable daily life tenants in place. 
Shopping center occupancy rates remained stable at 
around 97%.
In our most active year for Full Service Transformations yet, 
we completed and opened four Full Service Centers and 
acquired the Polderplein center. We signed a rental 
agreement with growing retailer New Y orker, established 
name Intertoys and leisure concept The Game Box, while 
our like-for like Net Rental Income for our core portfolio 
grew by 8% – driven by rental contracts indexed to inflation. 
We also completed the transition to a new resource 
planning (ERP) system, which will be the new backbone of 
our digital strategy, on time and on budget.
Full Service Center construction work continued throughout 
2023 in the Netherlands and Belgium. All projects to date 
have been delivered as planned, with works continuing into 
2024 on schedule too – despite rising prices for materials.
Occupancy rates
Q4 2022 Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2023 Q4 2023
Belgium 97.7% 96.9% 96.4% 97.0% 98.2%
France 97.1% 96.6% 94.6% 94.5% 96.6%
Netherlands 96.1% 95.7% 95.6% 95.4% 95.5%
Shopping centers 96.8% 96.2% 95.8% 95.9% 96.6%
Offices (Belgium) 81.5% 86.1% 86.2% 85.2% 84.7%
Total portfolio 95.8% 95.6% 95.2% 95.2% 95.8%
Operational performance (2023, shopping centers only)
Country # of contracts Leasing volume ERV uplift MGR uplift Occupancy rate LFL NRI growth
Shopping Centers
Belgium 62 10.5% 14.6% 3.9% 98.2% 5.0%
France 12 7.1% -13.7% -12.0% 96.6% 14.1%
Netherlands 211 22.3% 9.4% -3.2% 95.5% 10.0%
Total Shopping Centers 285 16.7% 9.6% -1.6% 96.6% 7.9%
Key developments in our markets
Despite strong economic headwinds, our centers performed well in 2023 – with visitor numbers up, occupancy rates stable, and a 
large number of new leases signed. Our Full Service Transformation program continued at pace, with four new centers completed 
on time and within budget, while our move toward more mixed-use tenants remains on target.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
31
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Key developments in our markets 

Page 33:
Footfall growth (year-on-year change on like-for-like basis, shopping centers only)
Shopping centers Q4 2022 Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2023 Q4 2023
Belgium 7.7% 11.4% 5.4% 7.3% 3.6%
France 1.0% -0.2% 0.4% 4.7% 5.5%
Netherlands 11.9% 15.5% 6.6% 3.6% 6.6%
Overall 9.4% 12.4% 5.5% 4.5% 5.8%
Full Service Center Performance
In line with our LifeCentral strategy, we have continued 
to transform our centers into Full Service Centers. Nine 
of our locations now qualify as Full Service Centers, 
with four more currently undergoing transformation work. 
We track the performance of our centers based on their 
transformation status: “Full Service Center” is used to refer 
to those already transformed; “In Transformation” for those 
undergoing transformation work; and “Shopping Center” for 
remaining locations. The results for 2023 show significant 
positive performance for our Full Service Centers, especially 
on the leasing side, with new leases signed in line with 
previous rents, on top of indexation (MGR Uplift), and above 
the properties’ estimated rental value (ERV). Total property 
return from these nine assets was 8.1% in 2023, up from 
6.4% the previous year and ahead of our raised minimum 
target of 8% in 2023. It should be noted here that four of 
the nine Full Service Centers were only completed in the 
second half of 2023.
Full Service Center Performance
KPI Full Service Center In Transformation Shopping Center
# Assets 9 4 4
Mixed Use Percentage 16.8% 14.1% 7.7%
Direct Result 6.1% 6.8% 6.4%
Valuation Result 2.0% 3.1% 0.1%
Total Property Return¹ 8.1% 9.9% 6.5%
Operating Performance
MGR Uplift 0.0% -2.2% -1.3%
MGR vs. ERV 15.1% 7.0% 9.2%
Tenant Sales vs. 2022 8.4% 5.5% 6.4%
Footfall vs. 2022 12.7% 1.3% 1.7%
1 According to MSCI definition.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
32
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 34:
Key economic data (The Netherlands)
2022 2023E¹ 2024E¹ 2025E¹
GDP growth, yoy 4.4% 0.2% 0.5% 1.1%
Harmonized index of con-
sumer prices, yoy 11.6% 4.4% 3.7% 2.4%
Unemployment 3.5% 3.6% 4.0% 4.4%
Private consumption, yoy 6.5% 0.2% 0.2% 0.8%
1 E = estimated.
Source:  Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD), Economic Outlook 
November 2023.
Progress with LifeCentral strategy
In 2023 we completed three new Full Service Centers in the 
Netherlands: Vier Meren in Hoofddorp, De Koperwiek in 
Capelle aan den IJssel, and Eggert Center in Purmerend. Vier 
Meren officially opened in September 2023 with an occupancy 
rate of 91% (up from a pre-let rate of 82% in June 2023).
FSC Vier Meren in Hoofddorp was delivered on time and 
well within budget. This Full Service Center features the ideal 
retail balance and boasts an extensive mixed-use offering, 
focused on Food & Beverage (F&B) and Leisure. To date, 
Nelson, Skechers, Simon Lévelt, Fat Phill’s Diner, Søstrene 
Grene, The Game Box and others have all signed as 
new tenants.
The center is directly connected to the newly acquired 
Polderplein and creates one unified Full Service Center.
Heerhugowaard
Purmerend
Hoofddorp
Leiderdorp
Capelle a/d IJssel
Dordrecht
Roosendaal Tilburg
Nieuwegein
Arnhem
Top 10 tenants
 1 Ahold Delhaize
 2 Jumbo Group
 3 A.S. Watson Group
 4 Mirage Retail Group
 5 C&A
Top 10 tenants
 1 Ahold Delhaize
 2 Jumbo Group
 3 A.S. Watson Group
 4 Mirage Retail Group
 5 C&A
 6 The Sting
 7 Deichmann
 8 Ceconomy
 9 Bestseller
 10 Nelson
367,500
Lettable space (m2)
66.6m
Footfall (total visitors)
11
Number of centers
Key developments 
Netherlands
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
33
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
 - Netherlands 
Full Service Centers

Page 35:
The transformation of De Koperwiek in Capelle aan den 
IJssel into a Full Service Center was completed in the fourth 
quarter of 2023. FSC De Koperwiek now has a broad 
convenience offering, including an every.deli fresh cluster, 
combined with an extensive eat&meet F&B offering and 
a Basic-Fit gym. In Purmerend, our Eggert Center was 
transformed into an FSC. It is well located in the heart of the 
city with a good retail mix, combined with a fresh cluster, an 
attractive F&B offering according to our eat&meet concept, 
play&relax for kids, and a Basic-Fit gym. New stores opened 
in 2023 included Bagels & Beans, C&A and Only.
We will continue to work on further transformations in 
2024 – phase 1 of Middenwaard and Kronenburg, and 
phase 2 of Cityplaza, both of which are scheduled for 
completion in 2025.
Key data shopping center operations
2022 2023
Net rental income (in €m) 55.5 63.0
Occupancy 96.1% 95.5%
Investment properties in operations (in €m)¹ 853.7 1,033.5
Investment properties under construction (in €m) 21.9 0.3
Acquisitions (in €m) - 85.2
Disposals (in €m) 0.8 2.4
EPRA NIY 6.9% 6.3%
1 Including lease incentives.
Major market and operational developments
• In our first full year operating without restrictions since the 
pandemic, footfall was up 9% year-on-year. Footfall at our 
Dutch Full Service Centers was higher than pre-pandemic 
2019 numbers, though numbers at shopping centers and 
Full Service Centers undergoing transformation were down 
– the latter impacted by construction works.
• Occupancy rates in the Netherlands were high and 
relatively stable at 95.5% in 2023, with the leasing 
market once again proving to be highly active, despite 
challenging economic conditions.
• During the year, we signed 211 new leasing contracts in 
the Netherlands at an average of 9.4% above market rent 
(ERV).
• Tenants enjoyed a year of strong sales figures, especially 
at Full Service Centers, as consumers prioritize essentials 
from our daily life stores. Tenants reported 9% higher 
sales in 2023 when compared with 2022.
• Wereldhave extended its partnership agreement with 
fashion brand MS Mode/America Today, which opened 
three new stores in Kronenburg, Presikhaaf and 
Middenwaard, while extending long-term lease 
agreements at existing stores at De Koperwiek, 
Cityplaza, Roselaar and Middenwaard.
• Other new openings include a New Y orker at Tilburg City 
Center and a brand new 1,050m² Action at De Koperwiek 
and Tilburg City Center, while Albert Heijn XL extended 
its lease for another five years at Kronenburg.
• The December 2023 acquisition of the Polderplein 
shopping center in Hoofddorp opens opportunities for 
value creation and synergies with the Full Service Center 
Vier Meren. Together, Vier Meren and Polderplein will 
create a single Full Service Center in the best location in 
the city, with 49,100 m² of lettable space and more than 
100 shops, with Wereldhave as the sole owner.
• In recognition of the joint effort between Wereldhave and 
the Municipality of Tilburg to create a vibrant, accessible 
and competitive city center, our Full Service Center in 
Tilburg, which is one of the largest recent inner-city 
redevelopment projects in the Netherlands, was 
awarded the Kern 2023 annual development award.
Sterrenburg success
We officially opened Sterrenburg in Dordrecht, our 
fifth Full Service Center, in March. It opened almost 
fully let, with a mixed-use percentage of around 20% 
and new tenants including Basic-Fit, Jumbo 
Foodmarkt, RegioBank and an every.deli fresh food 
cluster. The center has surpassed performance 
expectations since opening. Footfall levels have 
increased by 16% compared with 2019 (before work 
had begun), while its NPS score has more than 
doubled.
It's been a sustainability success, too. As part of its 
redevelopment, we added roof insulation, complete 
with 414 solar panels, as well as green sedum 
roofing. The center, which we also decoupled from 
the gas network and connected to the local heat 
network – now has a roof that helps the center 
maintain an optimum temperature, ensuring energy 
efficiency, while the sedum improves its biodiversity. 
In 2023, we saw the first results of these changes 
– a 45% reduction in energy use on the previous year.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
34
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 36:
Results & valuations
Primarily driven by indexation, Net rental income in the 
Netherlands went up to € 63.0m (2022: € 55.5m). 
The upward revaluation of properties of € 31.7m was driven 
by increased market rents, which were only partly offset 
by higher yields. This resulted in a revaluation of +3.2%, 
despite the impact of the 2.4 percentage point increase in 
real estate transfer taxes.
At the end of 2023, the average EPRA Net Initial Yield on 
the Dutch portfolio stood at 6.3% (2022: 6.9%). The total 
portfolio was valued at € 1,034m on 31 December 2023 
(2022: € 876m). The value of the development portfolio 
stood at € 0.3m at year-end 2023 (2022: € 22m).
(% of annual rental income, end 2023)
18
6 3
20
11
9
13
8
12
Tenant mix in the Netherlands
Food
Fashion (mainstream)
Health & Beauty
Food & Beverage
Homeware & Household
Fashion (discount)
Other Daily Life Retail
Shoes
Multimedia & Electronics
Other Non-Daily Life Retail
Daily Life:
Non-daily Life:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
35
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 37:
Waterloo
Genk
Liège
Nivelles
Tournai
Turnhout
Vilvoorde
Bruges
Courtrai
Antwerp
Key economic parameters
2022 2023E¹ 2024E¹ 2025¹
GDP growth, yoy 3.0% 1.4% 1.1% 1.5%
Harmonized index of 
 consumer prices, yoy 10.3% 2.4% 3.0% 2.4%
Unemployment 5.6% 5.6% 5.7% 5.6%
Private consumption, yoy 3.2% 1.4% 1.5% 2.1%
1 E = estimated.
Source:  Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD), Economic Outlook 
November 2023.
Progress with LifeCentral strategy
In 2023, we finished transformation work at Shopping 1 
in Genk – our third Full Service Center in Belgium. The 
opening of a new C&A store in September 2023 – the 
first in Belgium in C&A’s new format – contributed to 
the FSC’s strong retail mix, which is combined with an 
extensive eat&meet F&B offering and a Jims gym.
In 2023, we began work on transforming our center in 
Nivelles, which we will continue in 2024 and expect to 
be complete in time for a 2025 opening.
Key developments 
Belgium
Top 10 tenants
 1 Carrefour
 2 Ahold Delhaize
 3 C&A
 4 Bestseller
 5 A.F. Mulliez
 6 A.S. Watson Group
 7 Lunch Garden
 8 H&M
 9 Brico
 10 Claes Retail Group
281,100
Lettable space (m2)
19.7m
Footfall (total visitors)
2
Number of office locations
Centers
Offices
Full Service Centers
8
Number of centers
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
36
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
 - Belgium

Page 38:
Key data shopping center operations
2022 2023
Net rental income (in €m) 48.4 50.9
Occupancy 97.7% 98.2%
Investment properties in operations (in €m)¹ 834.5 836.1
Investment properties under construction (in €m) 14.3 14.3
Acquisitions (in €m) - 0.5
Disposals (in €m) - 7.5
EPRA NIY 6.2% 6.4%
1 Including lease incentives.
Major market and operational developments
• Much like the Netherlands, footfall was higher than 
the previous year in Belgium – with an increase of 7%. 
Footfall at Full Service Centers was higher than in 2019, 
though Full Service Centers in transition were negatively 
impacted by construction works.
• Shopping center occupancy rates in Belgium increased 
to 98.2% in 2023. We fully let our Berchem offices in 
Antwerp following refurbishment, which supported a rise 
in overall occupancy rate for offices to 84.7% in 2023 – 
up from a peak of 82.4% in Q3 2022.
• In total, despite economic challenges, we signed 75 
contracts with new tenants – 62 for shopping centers 
and 13 for offices – with rents well above both market 
value (ERV) and previous rent (MGR uplift).
• We signed a number of new leases at FSC Ring Kortrijk, 
including an extension and relocation with Rituals, a deal 
with fresh produce retailer Bon’Ap, which will open in 
Q1 2024, as well as a package deal with retail group 
Bestseller to open Vero Moda and Only & Sons stores. 
As part of the deal, an Only&Sons store will open at Les 
Bastions. At Les Bastions, our mixed-use was also 
boosted by the opening of a new Basic-Fit.
• Elsewhere, we signed leases with, among others, 
Basic-Fit, Rituals, Sports Direct, Loxam and Press Shop, 
as well as a package deal with Calzedonia/Intimissimi for 
Nivelles Shopping and Shopping 1 in Genk. In addition, 
we agreed three lease renewals and one new lease with 
HEMA.
• Tenant sales were strong too, especially at Full Service 
Centers – driven by current customer demand for daily 
life stores. Tenants reported 6% higher sales in 2023 
when compared with 2022 across all Belgian centers.
• We began the redevelopment of Stadsplein in Genk, 
which involves updates to the facade, internal layout and 
shop sizes – which will improve the center’s visibility and 
create space for bigger and smaller businesses alike – 
improving diversity of stores for customers.
Results & valuation
Net rental income in Belgium was supported by indexation 
and amounted to € 55.3m (2022: € 53.0m) of which 
€ 50.9m is derived from shopping centers.
For our commercial property valuations, higher market rents 
were offset by higher yields. This resulted in a revaluation 
of our Belgian retail portfolio of € -4.1m (-0.5%) and € -1.8m 
(-1.7%) for the offices portfolio.
At the end of 2023, the average EPRA Net Initial Yield on 
the Belgian shopping center portfolio stood at 6.4% and on 
the office portfolio at 7.5%. The total portfolio was valued at 
€ 952m on 31 December 2023 (2022: € 949m). The value 
of the development portfolio stood at € 14m at year-end 
2023 (2022: € 14m).
(% of annual rental income, end 2023)
Tenant mix in Belgium
117
5
25
12 12
12
11
5
Food
Fashion (mainstream)
Health & Beauty
Food & Beverage
Homeware & Household
Fashion (discount)
Other Daily Life Retail
Shoes
Multimedia & Electronics
Other Non-Daily Life Retail
Daily Life:
Non-daily Life:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
37
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 39:
Argenteuil (Paris)
Bordeaux
Key economic data (France)
2022 2023E¹ 2024E¹ 2025E¹
GDP growth, yoy 2.5% 0.9% 0.8% 1.2%
Harmonized index of 
 consumer prices, yoy 5.9% 5.7% 2.7% 2.2%
Unemployment 7.3% 7.2% 7.4% 7.5%
Private consumption, yoy 2.3% 0.8% 1.4% 1.7%
1 E = estimated.
Source:  Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD), Economic Outlook 
November 2023.
Major market and operational developments
• The summer of 2023 marked the opening of the 
F&B cluster at Mériadeck in Bordeaux, which attracted 
many new F&B tenants. The updated F&B cluster has 
bought a new dynamism to the center, enabling us to 
sign new rental agreements with Adopt, Normal and 
Biotech, among others. Since the opening of the new 
F&B area, visitor numbers at Mériadeck have increased 
by 10%.
• In Côté Seine, Argenteuil (in Paris), we signed an 
agreement with shoe retailer Chaussea to extend its 
lease by 450 m². In addition, a Basic-Fit gym opened at 
the end of 2023, after which we immediately 
experienced an increase in visitors to the center in 
January 2024. Despite the closure of the Casino 
hypermarket for one month, visitor numbers and tenant 
sales at Côté Seine increased by approximately 2.5% – a 
demonstration of the robustness of the center’s offering.
• The combined occupancy rate of both French centers 
improved significantly in the fourth quarter of 2023, 
amounting to a solid 96.6% by the end of 2023.
• Visitor numbers in France were 5.5% higher in the fourth 
quarter of 2023 compared with the same period in 2022. 
Tenant sales were 3% higher in 2023 than in 2022.
Top 10 tenants
1 A.F. Mulliez
2 Sephora
3 Grandvision
4 Jumbo Group
5 Yves Rocher
6 Foot Locker
7 Normal
8 SFR
9 Basic-Fit
10 Nature et Decouvertes
44,900
Lettable space (m2)
11.5m
Footfall (total visitors)
2
Number of centers
Key developments 
France
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
38
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
 - France

Page 40:
• Commercial real estate valuations in France were 
influenced by higher yields and, to a lesser extent, 
by lower market rents. This resulted in a revaluation of our 
French portfolio of -4.5%.
Key data shopping center operations
2022 2023
Net rental income (in €m) 6.7 8.1
Occupancy 97.1% 96.6%
Investment properties in operations (in €m) ¹ 175.3 176.2
Investment properties under construction (in €m) - -
Acquisitions (in €m) - -
Disposals (in €m) - -
EPRA NIY 4.7% 4.8%
1 Including lease incentives.
Results & valuation
Net rental income in France amounted to € 8.1m 
(2022: € 6.7m). Revaluations on the portfolio amounted 
to € -8.3m. At the end of 2023, the average EPRA Net Initial 
Yield on the French portfolio stood at 4.8%. The total 
portfolio was valued at € 176m on 31 December 2022 (2021: 
€ 175m).
(% of annual rental income, end 2023)
Tenant mix in France
1111 3
21
16
1
23
10
13
Food
Fashion (mainstream)
Health & Beauty
Food & Beverage
Homeware & Household
Fashion (discount)
Other Daily Life Retail
Shoes
Multimedia & Electronics
Other Non-Daily Life Retail
Daily Life:
Non-daily Life:
The new eat&meet cluster in Mériadeck, Bordeaux, opened in June 2023
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
39
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 41:
Tenants and visitors
The success of LifeCentral depends on having the right mix of tenants in place, and working with them to ensure 
visitors have a positive experience. While economic conditions slowed the growth of mixed-use tenants at our centers, 
we were able to consistently meet customer needs – again recording an NPS score of +24.
We believe consumers today want more than just the 
chance to shop when they visit a retail center. They want 
experiences – the option to eat and drink, socialize or be 
entertained – to go along with retail, all under one roof. 
We are bringing this experience to our visitors via Full 
Service Center transformations. This includes increasing 
the percentage of mixed-use space and continuing to roll 
out our commercial clusters and concepts, with the aim of 
increasing footfall, keeping customers and tenants happy, 
and, ultimately, securing the future of Wereldhave.
Mixed-use and daily life growth
In 2023, physical daily life retailers in the Netherlands and 
Belgium performed better than expected, partly because 
e-commerce penetration was lower than predicted and 
partly because of high costs for consumers have forced 
them to prioritize purchasing everyday items.
With our centers catering to customers everyday needs 
– daily life stores now make up two-thirds of our rent-roll 
– this has impacted our Full Service Center approach, 
which involves replacing vacated retail units with non-retail 
companies. As retailers performed well and more than 
predicted retained their floorspace at our centers, there 
were fewer opportunities for Wereldhave to move mixed-
use tenants in. In 2023, our mixed-use share increased by 
0.5 percentage points year-on-year to 14.1% – slower than 
predicted.
Mixed-use tenants continue to perform well in our centers 
too. For example, tenant sales in the Netherlands and 
Belgium were up on 2022 by 7% – driven by F&B, our 
top-performing mixed-use category. F&B sales increased 
by 21% and 17% year-on-year in Belgium and the 
Netherlands respectively.
Tenant Support Program
As part of our active center management, we support 
businesses with store openings or in challenging economic 
circumstances – especially small business owners. In 2023, 
we created a tenant support program to drive store footfall 
and sales for those launching new stores or businesses in 
our centers, helping over 70 of our tenants with store 
opening activities and commercial marketing 
communications.
For tenants, we measure satisfaction through our Customer 
Satisfaction Index (CSAT). The last survey was performed 
early 2022. An updated tenant satisfaction survey is 
scheduled for mid 2024.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
40
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Tenants and visitors

Page 42:
Improving customer experience
We also track the performance of our centers and the 
impact our improvements have by measuring the experience 
of visitors every quarter. We do this using the Net Promoter 
Score (NPS), which is built into our LifeCentral strategy, 
and the results of which influence tenant planning, center 
look and feel, ambience, and new concepts and services.
Our NPS remained stable in 2023 at +24, above our 
+20 target for 2025, and vastly improved on our score 
at the start of our LifeCentral strategy – highlighting 
the success of our Full Service Center transformations.
As part of being a customer-centric company, all Wereldhave 
employees also conducted ‘Customer Talks’ surveys on 
specific elements of our centers. In 2023, for example, 
our teams conducted surveys evaluating the customer 
experience of Play & Relax, eat&meet, every.deli and the 
point. We also developed our own fragrance concept to 
improve the ambiance of our centers, which we rolled out 
in five of our centers. We measured the impact of our new 
fragrance dispensers, which scored 7.3 among visitors on 
a scale of 0-10, with feedback noting it made centers feel 
‘clean’ and ‘safe’. The concept will be rolled out to other 
centers in 2024.
Net Promoter Score since launch 
of our LifeCentral strategy
Q/two.tnumQ/three.tnumQ/four.tnumQ/two.tnumQ/one.tnumQ/three.tnumQ/four.tnumQ/two.tnumQ/one.tnumQ/three.tnumQ/four.tnumQ/two.tnumQ/one.tnumQ/three.tnumQ/four.tnum
Net Promoter Score 
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
-/one.tnum/five.tnum
-/one.tnum/zero.tnum
-/five.tnum
/zero.tnum
/five.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/five.tnum
/three.tnum/zero.tnum
The chart shows combined NPS for our centers in the Netherlands and Belgium. NPS 
measures the likelihood that visitors would recommend Wereldhave centers to others. 
Visitors rate their response on a scale of 0 to 10 (with 10 being extremely likely). NPS is 
calculated by subtracting the percentage of detractors (those scoring 6 or below) from 
promoters (those scoring 9 or above).
% Mixed use Benelux
(in m2 at Wereldhave centers in Netherlands and Belgium)
/zero.tnum
/five.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/four.tnum
(target)
Blueprint
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
41
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 43:
Planned composition of mixed-use space 
by 2025 Netherlands
44%
9%
18%
6%
11%
6%
6%
Total area: 63,000m2
Food & beverage
Leisure & entertainment
Fitness & wellness
Healthcare
Co-working
Servicing community
Other uses
Planned composition of mixed-use space 
by 2025 Belgium
45%
20%
21%
3%
5%
6%
Total area: 35,000m2
Food & beverage
Leisure & entertainment
Fitness & wellness
Healthcare
Co-working
Other users
Our customer 
experience principles
Every decision we make when it comes to Full 
Service Centers is guided by our four basic 
principles regarding what we believe tenants and 
visitors should experience at our centers.
Convenience We make your everyday life 
as easy as possible.
Hospitality We make sure you enjoy 
spending time with us.
Better together We are better together every 
day.
Local impact We have a positive impact 
on our communities.
Commercial clusters and concepts
Over the past year, we have invested more in improving and 
expanding our clusters. These clusters bring together food, 
healthcare and other services and act as a space for visitors 
to come together, socialize and enjoy themselves. In 2023, 
we carried out the following major updates:
• every.deli (fresh food): We opened Sterrenburg and Vier 
Meren with every.deli clusters, featuring artisanal fresh 
food shops, as well as upgrading De Koperwiek’s every.
deli fresh cluster.
• eat&meet (F&B): In France, we finished construction 
work and opened our new F&B area at Mériadeck 
in Bordeaux. In the Netherlands, we opened new 
eat&meet clusters at the Eggert Center and De Koperwiek 
– the latter of which has a combined indoor and outdoor 
terrace. We also made improvements to our F&B clusters 
at Vier Meren and Sterrenburg. In Belgium, Shopping 1 
opened with seven F&B tenants in its new eat&meet 
cluster.
• Health & well-being (healthcare): We enhanced our 
health and wellbeing offering at Les Bastions in Belgium 
with a new Basic-Fit gym. In addition, Basic-Fit opened 
a gym at Côté Seine at the end of 2023, after which 
we immediately experienced an increase in visitors 
to the center in January 2024. We also opened a 
Sanquin blood bank at our Presikhaaf health cluster in 
Q4 2023.
• the point (service hub): We renewed the point at 
Shopping 1 in Genk, adding new services including 
package delivery, gift card sales and even cryptocurrency 
payments, keeping us at nine service points in total 
across our centers.
• Facilities & services: As part of work on our Eggert 
Center and Shopping 1, we added new Play & Relax 
areas for children and carers, as well public seating.
• The Sage (office): Our office concept, The Sage, 
continued to prove successful, with our office space 
in Antwerp reaching full capacity.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
42
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 44:
The Closet Sale proves a successful and circular marketing format that fills 
temporary vacancy and directly links to our CSR strategy ‘A Better Tomorrow’
The Closet Sale
We see our centers as community hubs and as such, 
we want to involve local people as much as possible. 
Through The Closet Sale, we invite local individual 
sellers to rent space in our centers for a day – for a 
symbolic rent, which is donated to local charities – to 
sell second-hand clothes, accessories and home 
decorations. Successfully launched at Cityplaza in 
Nieuwegein in 2022, we expanded the concept to 
seven other centers last year. The Closet Sale 
enables anyone to open a fully equipped store 
– complete with fitting room, clothes racks, mirrors 
and a counter – so they can sell used items in a way 
that puts money back into the community, stimulates 
the circular economy, and brings unique items to 
other consumers.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
43
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 45:
People and partners
Our workforce
Wereldhave employed 124 people at the end of 2023. 
Of these, 24.2% were part-time. Of all our employees, 89.5% 
had a permanent contract, compared to 85.5% last year. We 
also welcomed four interns in the Netherlands and Belgium.
We predominately create value for our employees – and aim 
to attract talent – through salaries, benefits and development. 
In 2023, we paid € 17m in salaries, pension payments, 
training and other benefits. We value a diverse workforce, 
which is why we have a target of 33% for women in the 
Management Team. Currently, we are well above our target 
at 40%. Overall, 55% of our workforce are women.
All employees are bound by our Code of Conduct and 
business integrity policies, including temporary hires. 
Compliance and effectiveness of the Code of Conduct is a 
periodic topic with Supervisory Board. There is also an 
employee handbook, covering pay, development, culture 
and health & safety in the workplace, which we update 
when necessary.
We offer employees the opportunity to work remotely, with 
flexible hours. We have offices in Vilvoorde in Belgium, as 
well as new offices in Amsterdam, which opened in 2023. 
Our new offices home the recently integrated Wereldhave 
Holding and Wereldhave Netherlands teams, which we 
combined this year. This streamlining ensures efficient 
decision-making to support our LifeCentral strategy.
As a result, related costs are aligned with the size of 
our portfolio.
Collective bargaining and works council
We have no collective bargaining agreement, given our 
small number of employees. In the Netherlands Wereldhave 
does have a Works Council representing all employees in 
the Dutch part of the organization. In 2023, the Works 
Council organized elections which led to two new members 
joining the Council. During the year, the Works Council 
discussed various topics with the company’s Board of 
Management, including how Wereldhave can be a modern 
and attractive employer by implementing workplace 
flexibility and improving employer communication.
Employee engagement and working environment
To encourage greater employee engagement, we conduct 
a regular employee engagement survey, the results of 
which are discussed by management and are used to help 
shape working conditions, improve employee and employer 
relationship and address any weaknesses.
We conducted our last survey in Q3 2023, with 78% of 
employees in the Netherlands and Belgium taking part. 
Job satisfaction scored highly, as did pride in working for 
Wereldhave – two indicators that show employees are 
engaged with the company. However, our overall 
engagement score slightly decreased to 7.0, down from 7.5 
in 2022 and 0.5 below our long-term target of at least 7.5.
Learning and development
The opportunity to develop within the company and 
grow as a person is crucial for employee engagement too, 
which is why we try to maintain a culture of learning and 
encourage mentorship across the business. Employees 
can take part in training programs and professional 
development opportunities – such as language courses, 
At Wereldhave we employ a small but agile workforce. To ensure maximum effectiveness of our approach and progression of 
LifeCentral, it’s crucial our employees are engaged with us – especially during a labor shortage in our three markets. In 2023, while 
employees told us they were proud to work for Wereldhave, overall engagement was weaker. We are working hard in response to this 
by, for example, presenting more learning and development opportunities and implementing a new diversity, equity and inclusion policy.
2. Assets 3. Vastgoed 
    ecosysteem
4. Stakeholders 5. KPI’s en feiten 6/7. Sustainability 8/9. Annual & 
        ﬁnancial reports
9. Extra
1. Landen
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
44
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
People and partners

Page 46:
IT training and management and leadership training – which 
are explained to them during onboarding. Employees also 
receive clear performance guidance during at least one 
annual management feedback sessions, to guide them in 
setting direction for professional development. We also 
encourage employees to pursue degrees or certifications 
that relate to their roles or potential future roles within 
Wereldhave by offering scholarships, grants, and other 
financial assistance. In 2023, on average our employees 
embarked on 25 hours extra learning alongside their work 
with Wereldhave.
Health and well-being
We have a responsibility to provide a safe, healthy 
environment for employees. We work to provide this, 
placing particular emphasis on wellbeing. All employees 
– temporary and permanent – can take part in our vitality 
program, which provides a healthy lunch at work, fruit, the 
option to lease a bicycle for travel, and subsidized sports 
subscriptions. We also try to look after staff by organizing 
sport activities and offering voluntary health checkups.
Diversity, equity and inclusion
We know that strong diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) 
practices make us a better company – DEI supports 
recruitment, retention and development, improves decisions 
within the business and, ultimately, brings us closer to the 
communities we serve. Gender diversity remains a priority, 
and currently women represent more than half of our 
workforce.
In 2023, we began work on an updated DEI policy, which 
can be found on the Company's website. In 2023, we also 
included in our engagement survey the question “can you 
be yourself within Wereldhave?”, which received positive 
feedback: 78% of our employees fully agreed they could, 
16% responded neutrally and 6% said they did not agree. 
We also asked employees for their opinion on the topic 
of equal opportunities and saw no significant evidence 
of unequal treatment in the responses. We will continue 
to monitor both topics in 2024.
45%
55%
Gender diversity at company level
Men
Women
60%
40%
Gender diversity at management team (MT) level
Men
Women
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
45
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 47:
Our suppliers and sub-contractors
Our work requires external support, usually in maintenance, 
cleaning and security. In 2023, we worked with many 
suppliers and sub-contractors, and spent € 143 million – an 
increase of 13% from the previous year –mainly as a result 
of an intense year of Full Service Center transformations. 
All our suppliers are governed by our Sustainable Supplier 
Code1. For contracts worth € 10,000 or more, we require 
specific sign-off from suppliers. Standards in the Code cover 
the following:
• Compliance with relevant laws and regulations
• Human and labor rights (child labor, forced labor, 
discrimination, freedom of association & collective 
bargaining)
• Health & safety
• Corruption
• Environment (environmentally friendly alternatives, 
transportation, materials & waste)
• Maintenance and product requirements
1 A copy of our Sustainable Supplier Code is available online at: (https://www.wereldhave.com/siteassets/documents/reports/sustainability-reports/wereldhave-sustainable-supplier-code.pdf).
The Code – part of our Better Tomorrow program (see 
page 48) – is based on the UN Global Compact, BREEAM 
in-use requirements and the conventions of the International 
Labor Organization (ILO). The Code’s standards apply 
across our entire value chain, including second tier suppliers 
and sub-contractors, as well as employees and agency 
workers.
Supplier Sustainability Monitor
In December 2023, we carried out our Supplier Sustainability 
Monitor in the Netherlands and Belgium. We selected our 
45 largest suppliers and invited them to participate 
in our supplier sustainability monitoring tool. We received 
responses from two-thirds of our suppliers, an increase on 
the one-third we received in 2022. The participating 
suppliers cover a large share of our total spend, totaling 
€ 27.9 million. In 2024, Wereldhave will further analyze the 
survey results and invite suppliers for topic-specific interviews 
with the aim of minimizing ESG risks in our supply chain. 
The risk monitor will be updated on an annual basis.
Supplier Sustainability 
Monitor 2023 results
• 90% of our suppliers have their own ESG policy 
or strategy.
• 61% of our suppliers have full insight into 
their carbon footprint.
• 100% of our suppliers are taking measures to 
reduce the environmental impact caused 
by energy use, 94% have waste measures in 
place and 58% have water-related measures.
• 97% of our suppliers educate their employees 
on sustainability.
• 87% of our suppliers procure green energy 
for their production or services. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
46
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 48:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
47
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 49:
A Better Tomorrow
Our sustainability program is split by three pillars, and we 
have set specific goal(s) for each:
Better footprint Better nature Better living
To reduce 
our scope 1 
and 2 carbon 
emissions by 
30% by 2030 
and make our 
business Paris 
proof by 2045
To maintain 
our five-
star Global 
Real Estate 
Sustainability 
Benchmark 
(GRESB) 
 rating, the 
most widely 
used sus-
tainability 
benchmark in 
the industry
To improve 
the climate 
resilience of 
our centers
To increase 
our posi-
tive impact 
on local 
 communities 
by contribut-
ing at least 
1% of our Net 
Rental Income 
at each center 
to charities 
and other 
good causes
Better footprint
To help us achieve the carbon emission targets under 
Better footprint, in 2023, we recalculated our baseline year 
of 2018. We did this because, due to several divestments up 
until 2021, our emissions needed to be leveled on a like-for-
like basis, excluding divested assets and linked emissions. 
This provides a more accurate picture of our emissions 
reduction path from 2018 and the years up until 2023.
1 For location-based emissions data, please see the ESG tables on page 178.
In light of this recalculation, in 2023, scope 1 and 2 carbon 
emissions from our building-related operations totaled 
2,857 metric tons – a reduction of 17% on the previous year. 
Compared to our baseline year of 2018, our emissions 
are 35% lower1 – meaning we have already successfully 
reached our 2030 emissions reduction target of 30%.
As we have already reached our 2030 emissions reduction 
target, we will assess the need for an updated ambition that 
will tackle real estate decarbonization challenges and 
maximize opportunities in our markets. The work we do 
going forward will be guided by our finalized climate 
roadmaps, which we completed for all our centers in 
Belgium in 2023 – adding to our set for the Netherlands 
completed in 2022. These roadmaps set out clear priorities 
to reduce our carbon footprint, in alignment with our 2030 
Science Based Targets initiative-compliant targets (SBTi) and 
our Paris-proof commitment. The measures laid out in the 
Paris-proof roadmaps will be included in annual business 
plans and future investment proposals for all assets.
One focus of our roadmaps is the reduction of emissions 
by improving energy efficiency and switching to renewable 
energy at our centers, where possible. To support this, in 
2023, our newly developed smart energy system went live 
across all our centers in the Netherlands. We also installed 
the system at Ring Kortrijk in Belgium as part of renovations 
to improve energy efficiency, as part of which we also 
renovated and insulated a large part of the roof and added 
an air/water heat pump. We are aiming to implement the 
smart energy system at other Belgian centers in the near 
future. The system will mitigate energy wastage by alerting 
managers to abnormal peaks in energy or water use that 
could suggest a leak.
Communal areas at our centers are already powered by 
renewables. We are speeding up our energy transition by 
adding more solar panels to our sites. We now have 16,482 
panels, providing for just over 13% of our total energy needs. 
Where possible, these panels are added as part of ongoing 
Full Service Center transformation work. In 2024, we plan 
to add more panels to four of our centers. We have also 
switched to an energy supplier that provides renewable 
energy produced regionally.
2. Assets 3. Vastgoed 
    ecosysteem
4. Stakeholders 5. KPI’s en feiten 6/7. Sustainability 8/9. Annual & 
        ﬁnancial reports
9. Extra
1. Landen
Linked to our LifeCentral sustainability program, which made good progress in 2023 – we completed Paris-proof 
roadmaps for all our centers, secured a 10th consecutive five-star GRESB rating and put live our new smart 
energy system.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
48
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
A Better Tomorrow

Page 50:
/three.tnum
/four.tnum
/five.tnum
/two.tnum
/one.tnum
/zero.tnum
Building-related scope 1 & 2 CO 2  emissions 
2018-2023
(x 1,000 t CO 2 e, market-based)
BE FR NL
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum/eight.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum/nine.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum
0
600
1200
1800
2400
3000
 
Mobile combustion – leased cars
In 2018, our leased cars contributed 517 tons of CO2 
emissions. By 2021, this number halved to 246 tons, and 
in 2023, our reduction efforts resulted in a decrease to just 
126 tons. This significant downward trend not only reflects 
the temporary decline in travel during the pandemic, 
but also underscores our deliberate shift toward more 
sustainable transportation options. Our focus on promoting 
hybrid and electric vehicles has played a crucial role in 
achieving these results. We have encouraged employees 
to choose environmentally friendly options when selecting 
a company lease vehicle. This strategic step aligns with 
our corporate sustainability goals and demonstrates our 
commitment to reducing the environmental impact of our 
non-construction related emissions.
Mobile combustion CO2 emissions
2018 - 2023
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum/eight.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum
(in t CO2e)
/six.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/five.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/four.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/three.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
 
Scope 3 emissions
The majority of our emissions fall under scope 3 – 
generated as a consequence of – and as such we 
are working with tenants, visitors and suppliers to 
reduce emissions throughout our value chain.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
49
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 51:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
50
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 52:
LEGEND
    Under 84 tCO2e-eq)
COUNTR Y
(46,500 tCO2e)
SCOPE
(46,500 tCO2e)
EMISSION CATEGORIES
(46,500 tCO2e)
Belgium
14,200
F rance
1,530
SCOPE 1 & 2
2,860
SCOPE 3
43,600
Refrigerants
933
Energy
1,920
3.1
Purchased Goods & Services
3,530
3.13
Downstream Leased Assets
26,700
3.2
Capital Goods
10,300
3.3
F uel & Energy-related
activities not in S1 or S2
574
3.5
W aste Generated in Operations
2,410
3.6
Business Travel
27
3.7
Employee Commu ting
84
Netherlands
30,800
1 Scope 1 refers to direct emissions from the company’s own energy sources, scope 2 to indirect emissions resulting from purchased energy and scope 3 to all other indirect emissions 
occurring in the value chain, upstream and downstream, as a result of the company’s activities. In 2023, we have recalculated our carbon inventory for 2018, 2021 and 2023, 
making sure to align with the latest developments in carbon accounting. See the Qualifying notes ESG reporting section on page 99 for details of changes to our methodology.
Our carbon flow analysis shows most emissions (just 
over 94%) come from our broader value chain (scope 
3) – generated as a consequence of our business 
relations with suppliers, contractors and tenants. 
Only around 6% come from our own operations. 
According to our analysis, the Netherlands accounts 
for more than 65% of total emissions, Belgium 30% 
and France just under 3%.
Carbon flow analysis, scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions per country
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
51
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Carbon flow analysis

Page 53:
Building-related scope 3 emissions
Our total building-related scope 3 emissions (on a like-for-like 
basis) have decreased since 2018. The reduction is divided 
over several scope 3 categories, but in total represents a 
9% reduction. Our most significant building-related scope 3 
emissions categories are:
Purchased goods and services: including emissions 
associated with the production and transportation of goods 
and services purchased by Wereldhave, such as construction 
materials, furniture and maintenance services.
Downstream leased assets: emissions generated by 
the tenants of our assets, in particular energy consumption 
and waste generation.
Capital goods: emissions generated during the construction 
phase and the extraction and manufacturing of building 
materials.
Building-related scope 3 emissions
(x 1,000 t CO2e)
/four.tnum/zero.tnum
/three.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
2018 2021 2023
/three.tnum./one.tnum/three.tnum
Downstream
Leased Assets
/three.tnum./two.tnum
Capital Goods
/three.tnum./one.tnum
Purchased
Goods & Services
/three.tnum./three.tnum
Fuel & Energy
Related
Activities
not in S/one.tnum or S/two.tnum
/three.tnum./five.tnum
Waste
Generated
in Operations
/three.tnum./six.tnum
Business Travel
/three.tnum./seven.tnum
Employee
Commuting
Reducing CO2 emissions in our value chain
We are constantly aiming to reduce our indirect scope 3 
emissions resulting from our value chain. In 2023, we added 
more electric vehicle charging stations to our centers, with 
coverage at 11 of our 23 assets, to support customers in 
their own energy transitions.
We also started conversations with our tenants on the 
procurement of readily available solar energy produced at 
our assets. We will further target reducing emissions in 
capital goods and purchased goods and services as these 
are one of our largest greenhouse gas emissions sources.
We are also in the process of assessing our procurement 
footprint per material category together with environmental 
consultancy Metabolic, aiming to make lower carbon and 
more circular choices. In the coming years we will increasingly 
engage with our suppliers on these topics, mainly through our 
updated procurement manual. This manual will support our 
procurement managers in making environmentally friendly 
decisions over materials and installations.
We are also working on gaining a better understanding 
of emissions from our tenants. Our priority in 2024 is to fill 
data gaps for our Belgian centers. By improving tenant data, 
we can work closer with them to build smarter and lower 
electricity and gas usage – helping them cut costs and 
emissions at the same time.
Better nature
The central aim of our Better nature pillar is to improve the 
resilience of our centers in the Netherlands, Belgium and 
France against our principal climate risks, which are flash 
floods, heavy rainfall and heat stress. To mitigate these 
risks, we have climate resilience plans built-in as part of 
our Paris-proof roadmaps.
To ensure our plans are sufficient, we incorporate physical 
climate risk into our regular assessments, which we conduct 
using two methods: BREEAM in-use and the Carbon Risk 
Real Estate Monitor (CRREM). In 2023, we carried out nine 
physical climate risk assessments across our centers in 
the Netherlands and Belgium, with two of our Dutch center 
reviews – Cityplaza and Kronenburg – finding low material 
climate risk related to floods. However, these flood risks 
are not single issue and related to one location, these are 
regional risks covering a large area under the central flood 
protection system of the Netherlands.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
52
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 54:
As an extension of Better nature, we are also working 
on improving protection of local biodiversity around 
our centers. In 2023, we conducted assessments on 
the ecological value of seven of our Dutch centers – 
Kronenburg, Presikhaaf, Winkelhof, Cityplaza, Eggert, 
Middenwaard, Roselaar – and added bird, bat, and insect 
units to each to promote local biodiversity. We are also 
assessing how to further increase the amount of green 
space around our assets and on roofs. At the end of 2023, 
we had 41.071m² in green space at our locations in the 
Netherlands and Belgium.
8
74
9
9
BREEAM 1 certiﬁcations
(as % of gross lettable area)
Excellent
Very good
Good
Not certiﬁed
1 All our Full Service Centers should have a “very good” rating. Currently one center 
does not meet that requirement. Measures are taken internally to improve this score 
in the next recertification. Some assets are not certified as they do not apply to the 
BREEAM certification scope.
1 We define social impact as the tangible changes that the center or a specific project brings about in society, particularly in the vicinity of the asset. It relates to sustainable changes we make in addressing societal challenges related to neighborhood safety, inclusion, and young people. 
It can involve impact on residents and visitors in general, as well as on specific target groups, such as individuals with significant barriers to employment.
Better living
Our centers connect communities. They provide access 
to services, and – by offering a welcoming environment 
and hosting events – help combat loneliness and social 
exclusion. We look to boost local community engagement 
through our Better living goals.
In 2023 we assessed the social impact1 of more than half of 
our centers in the Netherlands. The assessments reviewed 
topics such as safety, accessibility, inclusivity, community 
integration, economic conditions of the community and 
sustainability projects. The results of these assessments 
provide insights for asset managers on how to create more 
impact in the communities in which they are active. In 2024, 
we expect to use these insights to formulate more social 
impact initiatives.
Our Better living goal requires centers to allocate at least 1% 
of their annual Net Rental Income to support good causes. 
In 2023, we donated € 2.1m, equal to 1.7% of our Net Rental 
Income. This includes making space available for use by 
charities and social enterprises – such as our Eco Days in 
Belgium, where we encourage sustainable behaviors in 
our customers, and Talent at the Table in the Netherlands, 
where we connect young people with learning experience 
with local entrepreneurs.
Other good causes we supported in 2023 included:
Partnership with Employee Insurance agency (UWV): 
In 2023 we signed a partnership with the Dutch Employee 
Insurance Agency (UWV) to organize more job markets at 
our centers in the Netherlands, which provide a platform for 
the UWV to spread its network and expertise. In return, our 
tenants get access to qualified personnel – vital during an 
ongoing labor shortage, while job seekers and those facing 
barriers to employment get access to suitable opportunities.
Too Good to Go: We continued to promote the Too Good to 
Go app at our centers, which offers users discounts at 
grocery stores and restaurants to prevent excess food from 
going to waste. Visitors can access offers at almost 100 
outlets across our Dutch and Belgian centers. The app 
provides our communities with access to affordable and 
healthy food, while helping us reduce scope 3 emissions in 
the waste category. In Belgium alone, Too Good to Go has 
saved 26,527 ‘meals’ going to waste since 2021, saving 66 
tons of CO2 emissions at our centers.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
53
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 55:
Attractive environments
We aim to create safe and healthy environments at our 
centers as part of Better living. More than 83% of our 
locations now have regular health and safety assessments, 
which involve surveys with visitors and other users of our 
assets, an assessment of the conditions within our centers, 
such as air quality, temperature and hygiene. Along with 
this, in 2023, we added health and safety to our social 
impact assessment, conducted at seven centers in the 
past year.
External benchmarks and certifications
We secured our 10th consecutive five-star rating from 
GRESB in 2023 – retaining our top score of 92/100 – 
meeting one of our A Better Tomorrow targets and 
underlining Wereldhave’s position as a leader in 
sustainability. We also received our eighth consecutive 
Gold Award in the annual Sustainability Best Practices 
Recommendations from the European Public Real Estate 
Association (EPRA), and a B rating from CDP. The table 
below shows performance against our main external 
ratings and benchmarks:
External benchmarks and certifications
2022 2023
GRESB 5 stars 
(92 points)
5 stars 
(92 points)
BREEAM (centers rating ‘very good’ 
or excellent)1 80% 82%
CDP A rating B rating
EPRA Gold 
award
Gold 
award
Institutional Shareholder Services 
(ISS) ESG corporate rating C+ Prime Prime
MSCI ESG BBB BB
Sustainalytics 13.1 Low 
Risk
Energy Performance Certificates 
(EPC) (number of centers with 
A-grade EPCs)2 37% 18%
1 BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) 
rating is for either the asset or for the management of that asset.
2 Belgium has no EPC label framework available yet, more data is expected in 2024.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
54
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 56:
Please note that “A Better T omorrow” – our CSR program – is tied directly to a number of underlying SDG targets:
7.2, 7.3, 8.8, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7, 11.B, 12.2, 12.5, 13.1, and 17.16. For more information, see: https://sdgs.un.org/goals
SDGs 7, 11, and 13 link directly to the EU’s new taxonomy for sustainable activities (to the taxonomy’s Climate Change
Mitigation objective and to three designated economic activities: construction of new buildings, 26.2; renovation of
existing buildings, 26.3; and acquisition and ownership of buildings, 26.5). For more information on the EU’s taxonomy, see:
https://finance.ec.europa.eu/sustainable-finance/tools-and-standards/eu-taxonomy-sustainable-activities_en.
Affordable and clean energy
We use renewable energy where possible; we also 
produce solar energy from panels at our centers.
Our strategic
Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs)
Decent work and economic growth
We have high standards of health and safety at our 
centers – and work with tenants and sub-contractors 
to maintain them.
Sustainable cities and communities
We are improving climate resilience at our centers – and 
providing public access to green spaces. We also support 
local community initiatives.
Responsible consumption and production
We are working to cut back waste generation, increase 
recycling and use circular solutions in our development 
projects.
Climate action
We are reducing our carbon footprint – and aiming for 
Paris-Proof by 2045.
Partnerships for the Goals
We are working closely with tenants and visitors to reduce 
emissions and waste across our value chain.
UN SDGs
As part of A Better Tomorrow, we’ve linked our ambitions directly to 
the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We’ve chosen six 
SDGs as strategic ambitions – where we believe Wereldhave can 
contribute the most. Through our Full Service Center transformations, 
SDGs are also tied directly to our LifeCentral strategy. In addition, 
use of proceeds under our Green Finance Framework are mapped 
to three of our strategic SDGs (SDGs 7, 11 and 13).
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
55
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 57:
Better footprint
Relevant SDGs Priorities Ambitions Performance in 2023
Energy & 
carbon
• Reduce carbon emissions by 
30% by 2030
• Carbon emissions (CO2 equivalent, scopes 1 and 2, market-based): 
2,857 metric tons (-35% vs. 2018)
• Onsite solar energy production: 3,781 MWh (-19% vs 2022)
• Renewable energy use (as % of total consumption: 13% (vs. 11% in 2022)
Materials • Zero waste going to landfill and 
increased use of circular 
solutions
• Percentage of waste going to landfill: 2.3% (vs. 1.6% in 2022)
• Percentage of waste recycled: 33% (vs. 31% in 2022)
• Water consumption: 156,922 m3 (+5.7% vs. 2022)
Value chain 
Impact
• Partner with tenants and visitors 
to reduce emissions
• Carbon emissions (CO2 equivalent, scope 3): 43,364 metric tons CO2 
(-8% compared to 2018)
Better nature
Relevant SDGs Priorities Ambitions Performance in 2023
Resilience • 100% of our centers have action 
plans to mitigate physical 
effects of climate change
• Percentage of centers with climate resilience plans: 83% 
(vs. 76% at end 2022)
Habitats • Double surface of vegetation 
on roofs and green spaces by 
2030 
(compared with 2018)
• Percentage of centers with at least one initiative in place to encourage 
local biodiversity: 71% (vs. 69% at end 2022)
• Total green spaces at Wereldhave centers: 41,071m2 
(vs. 31,115m2 end 2022)
Better living
Relevant SDGs Priorities Ambitions Performance in 2023
Well-being • Aim for zero safety incidents at 
Wereldhave centers
• Percentage of centers covered by health and safety assessments: 83% 
(vs. 76% in 2022)
• Number of safety incidents at Wereldhave centers: 0 (vs. 0 in 2022)
Employees • Employee engagement score of 
at least 7.5 for each of our 
operating countries
• Employee engagement score: 7.0 (vs. 7.5 in 2022)
Communities • Contribute at least 1% of Net  
Rental Income to socio- economic 
and social  inclusion initiatives
• Support for social activities, charities and other good causes: 
€ 2.17m (vs. € 2.12m in 2022)
• Social investment as percentage of Net Rental Income: 1.72% 
(vs. 1.8% in 2022)
Global Compact
In 2023, Wereldhave became a member of the UN’s Global 
Compact, which promotes ethical conduct and moral values 
in business. We strive to adopt and apply the ten principles 
of the Global Compact concerning human rights, labor, 
environment and anti-corruption. Our organization will also 
aim to make use of the vast experience of the Global 
Compact network, educating our employees and learning 
from peers.
Upcoming EU regulatory frameworks
Wereldhave welcomes the upcoming changes sustainability 
reporting and disclosure regulations and, since 2022, 
has been proactively readying itself to comply with the EU 
Taxonomy and Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD).
Under the EU Taxonomy, Wereldhave is required to 
report on climate change mitigation and climate change 
adaptation environmental objectives for the 2025 fiscal year; 
the EU has not yet defined the disclosure requirements for 
the other four environmental objectives. In regard to CSRD, 
Wereldhave will establish an inter-departmental team in 
2024 to take responsibility for CSRD preparations, building 
on the gap analysis conducted in 2022. A third party 
assessment is planned for the end of 2024, to assess the 
effectiveness and accuracy of our sustainability reporting 
practices. Under the CSRD, Wereldhave is required to report 
on the climate change mitigation and climate change 
adaptation environmental objectives for fiscal year 2025.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
56
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 58:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
57
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 59:
Outlook
Economic conditions
We expect some variation in economic growth across our 
three markets in the coming years. France and Belgium are 
forecast to post marginally lower growth in 2024 compared 
with 2023, while the Dutch economy will exit the mild 
recession of 2023 with modest growth. Each economy will 
face geopolitical challenges, not least from ongoing wars 
in Ukraine and the Middle East. All three are predicted to 
grow in 2025, which will support our business.
Inflation is predicted to recede in France and the Netherlands, 
thanks to the effect of higher interest rates in 2023. However, 
prices will remain high, particularly for food and energy, 
which will stifle any growth in consumer spending – despite 
government support for those on the lowest incomes and 
low unemployment in 2023. Interest rates in Belgium are 
predicted to increase, as the impact of government measures 
to curb price rises begin to dissipate – keeping down any 
growth in consumer growth.1
The trend of a high number of bankruptcies could continue 
from 2023 into the new year as businesses face continued 
economic challenges and requirements to pay tax bills 
deferred during the pandemic. This could affect Wereldhave 
1 Source: Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD), Economic Outlook 2023 (November 2023).
2 Source: European Commission, Economic forecast for the Netherlands (November 2023).
3 Source: S&P Global, Key 2024 sustainability trends driving the year ahead (January 2024).
especially if a tenant goes bankrupt – though our LifeCentral 
strategy as well as our data-driven tenant reviews, should 
enable us to prevent significant losses.
In terms of indirect impact, higher bankruptcies could lead 
to higher unemployment and, therefore, lower consumer 
demand, as laid-off workers lose their incomes. That said, 
the labor market is predicted to be tight once again, with 
low unemployment expected and employers struggling to 
fill vacancies – emphasizing the need for Wereldhave to 
retain its employees.
Retail market
Economic conditions will remain a challenge for retailers, 
with high prices impinging consumer spending while 
increasing the cost of raw materials. Business investments 
in the Netherlands decreased in 2023 because of higher 
interest rates, a trend expected to continue into 2024 – 
becoming a major drag on economic growth2.
There are some positive signs for retailers, especially those 
selling ‘essentials,’ as more people become cost-conscious 
because of high prices – and therefore prioritizing everyday 
goods. These retailers could also be boosted by the rise in 
minimum wages across all three markets in 2023, 
supporting spending power – though this could potentially 
increase their wage bill, too. E-commerce penetration is 
also expected to slow in already mature markets, such as 
the Netherlands.
Social & environmental
Despite the current economic climate, we expect pressure 
to grow on businesses – including Wereldhave and its 
tenants – to be more transparent about their social and 
environmental effects and take them into account when 
making decisions.
Sustainability will be key to finance once again, with 
the number of global green, social, sustainability, and 
sustainability -linked bonds expected to grow modestly in 
20243. Wereldhave currently has three sustainability-linked 
loans in place.
We have seen climate impacts materializing across some 
of our centers in 2023, with the threat from physical climate 
risk growing around the world – underlining the importance 
of the work we have already done in developing mitigation 
plans as part of our sustainability and LifeCentral strategies.
The economy is expected to be challenging for businesses and consumers in 2024, with slow growth and, though inflation is predicted to fall 
marginally, prices will remain elevated. Despite the economic challenges we face, we expect the success of Full Service Center transformations 
to continue so much so that we will begin to advance our LifeCentral strategy and grow our business, potentially also by moving into a new market.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
58
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook
Outlook 

Page 60:
Financial & strategic performance
In 2024, despite high construction costs and interest rates, 
we will continue to complete new Full Service Centers 
– albeit at a slower rate in the Netherlands and Belgium 
than previous years.
We continue with our Cityplaza transformation in 
Nieuwegein and will start transformations at Middenwaard 
in Heerhugowaard and Kronenburg in Arnhem. We will 
continue to monitor spending commitments closely, given 
current economic conditions, and will assess the potential 
for the sale of our two remaining centers in France.
We will start to look at investments beyond our established 
markets too. The Netherlands has become a challenging 
market because of the planned abolition of the REIT 
regime and increased transfer taxes. Having invested close 
to 70% of our designated LifeCentral capex in Full Service 
Center transformations, we must now start to scale to 
secure future growth and improve our cost of capital. 
We will review the different options to rotate capital – for 
instance through joint ventures – and may consider 
acquiring assets outside our core markets.
In 2024, we anticipate a DRPS of € 1.75, a 2% growth from 
2023, despite the dilutive impact of the newly issued 
shares in December 2023 and increasing financing costs, 
but slightly below our forecast for average annual earnings 
growth after 2022 of 4-6% because of this.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
59
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Our performance and outlook


Page 61:
Governance 61
Risk management and internal controls  64
Supervisory Board report 69
Remuneration report 2023 Wereldhave N.V. 74
Statement by the Board of Management 94
Alternative performance measures 95
Governance 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
60
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Governance

Page 62:
Legal structure 
Wereldhave N.V. is a real estate investment company, listed 
on Euronext Amsterdam and included in the AScX Index. 
The Company was founded in 1930 and has been listed 
since 1947. Wereldhave has the fiscal status of an investment 
institution, so it is subject to a 0% corporation tax rate in 
the Netherlands (other than for development activities in 
the Netherlands). Its Belgian investments consist of a 
66.16% interest in Wereldhave Belgium N.V., a tax-exempt 
investment company with variable capital listed on the 
Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange. The investments in 
France are subject to the SIIC (Société d’Investissements 
Immobiliers Cotée) regime. 
Wereldhave has a two-tier board structure. Additional 
regulations for the Boards are set out in the Governance 
Charter of Wereldhave which can be downloaded from 
our website. 
Board of Management 
The members of the Board of Management are jointly 
responsible for the management and running of 
Wereldhave N.V. and its subsidiaries, with due respect 
for their roles and tasks. The CEO takes the lead in this 
and is the main point of liaison for the Supervisory Board. 
The Board of Management is accountable to the 
Supervisory Board and to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders. 
The Board of Management consists of Mr. Matthijs Storm 
(CEO) and Mr. Dennis de Vreede (CFO). The Board is 
supported by an Executive Team, consisting of a Chief 
Commercial Officer and a Chief Operations Officer, supported 
by the Company Secretary. The Executive team is supported 
by a Management team. The members of the Board of 
Management are the statutory directors of the Group’s real 
estate companies and as such, solely responsible for the 
decision making. The Board of Management is appointed and 
dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, from a 
nomination to be drawn up by the Supervisory Board. The 
members of the Board of Management have been appointed 
for a period of four years. The agreements contain a break 
option with a four months’ notice and a maximum severance 
payment of one year’s salary. 
There were no changes in the composition of the Board 
of Management during the year. Mr. Matthijs Storm was 
reappointed in 2023 for a period of four years, expiring 
in April 2027 and Mr. Dennis de Vreede was reappointed 
in 2022 for a period of four years, expiring in April 2026. 
Supervisory Board 
The role of the Supervisory Board is to supervise the strategy 
and the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, as 
well as to support the Board of Management by providing 
advice. The Supervisory Board shall be guided by the 
interests of the Company, taking the interests of the 
Company’s stakeholders into account. The Supervisory 
Board has two standing Committees, an Audit Committee 
and a Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
On 21 April 2023, Mr. William Bontes was appointed by the 
AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of Wereldhave 
N.V. Since then, the Supervisory Board consists of three 
members, with Mrs. Françoise Dechesne as Chair of the 
Board and Mr. Hein Brand and Mr. William Bontes as member. 
Governance 
Wereldhave is committed to a high standard of Corporate Governance. We adhere to strict principles of business ethics 
and the adequate provision of forward-looking information. Transparency is a key cultural value to us. The Company’s 
business ethics are embedded in the Business Integrity Policy and the Code of Ethics for employees, which is published 
on our website www.wereldhave.com. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
61
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Governance

Page 63:
The independence requirements referred to in best practice 
provisions 2.1.7 to 2.1.9 inclusive of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code have been fulfilled and all members 
meet the independence criteria. 
The members of the Supervisory Board and its Committees 
currently are Mrs. Françoise Dechesne (Chair Supervisory 
Board, member Remuneration and Nomination Committee), 
Mr. Hein Brand (Vice President Supervisory Board and 
Chair Audit Committee) and Mr. William Bontes (Chair 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee). The profile 
for members of the Board as well as brief resumes can 
be found on the Company’s website. 
The Supervisory Board maintains regular contact with the 
external auditor and focuses on the effectiveness of the 
Company’s internal risk management and control systems 
and the integrity and quality of the financial reporting. The 
Supervisory Board has joint responsibility and acts without 
a mandate and independently of any particular interests 
associated with the company. 
Committees of the Supervisory Board 
The Audit Committee’s main role is to oversee financial 
accounting and reporting, internal control and risk 
management. In this context, the Audit Committee examines 
and reports to the Supervisory Board on matters such as 
(interim) financial reporting and accounts, asset valuations, risk 
management, accounting methods, finance and tax planning 
and the relationship with the internal and external auditors. 
The remuneration committee and the selection and 
appointment committee have been combined in one 
committee, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
The committee’s main role is to prepare the Board meetings 
with respect to selections and nominations, evaluations and 
remuneration levels and succession planning. 
General Meeting of Shareholders 
At least once a year, a General Meeting of Shareholders 
will be held. The agenda of the Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders shall in each case contain the report of the 
Board of Management, the dividend policy, the adoption 
of the financial statements, the report of the Supervisory 
Board, the remuneration report and the proposal to distribute 
dividends or other distributions. Resolutions to release the 
members of the Board of Management and Supervisory 
Boards from liability for their respective duties shall be 
voted on separately. 
Requests of investors who solely or jointly represent 1% 
of the issued capital to place items on the agenda of the 
General Meeting of Shareholders shall be honored if such 
requests are submitted to the Board of Management or the 
Supervisory Board at least 60 days before the scheduled 
date of the Meeting, unless, in the opinion of the Supervisory 
Board and the Board of Management, there are vital interests 
of the Company opposing the inclusion of such item or items 
in the agenda. The resulting discussion in the General 
Meeting should not affect the orderly course of the Meeting. 
The secretary of the Company will take minutes of the 
proceedings at the meeting. The minutes will be signed 
by the Chair of the Meeting and the Company Secretary. 
In principle, the minutes will be published on the 
Wereldhave website within one month after the Meeting 
and copies of such minutes are available free of charge 
on request. 
Wereldhave pursues increased shareholder participation 
at its general meetings, by making proxy forms and 
voting instructions available online, by enabling voting via 
internet prior to the meeting and by contacting the known 
larger shareholders to question them to attend or vote. 
The attendance rate at the AGM on 21 April 2023 stood 
at 45,3% of the issued share capital.  
 
The meeting approved the proposal to reappoint 
Mrs. Françoise Dechesne and to appoint Mr. William Bontes 
as members of the Supervisory Board for a period of four 
years. The meeting furthermore approved the proposal to 
reappoint Mr. Matthijs Storm as CEO for a period of four 
years. Mr. Storm was appointed in 2019 for a term of four 
years as director, which term thus expired in 2023. 
The meeting adopted the proposal to repurchase shares 
and the proposal to grant the authority to the Board of 
Management to issue shares. 
All voting results and the minutes of the AGM can be found 
on the Company’s website. 
The policy on communications between the Company and 
its shareholders can be found on the website as well. 
Protective devices 
The protective devices consist of the possibility to issue 
preference shares up to 50% of the issued share capital 
(less one share), calculated after issue. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
62
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 64:
A contract between the Company and the Stichting tot het 
houden van preferente aandelen Wereldhave (the 
Foundation) in relation to the preference shares entails the 
granting to the Foundation of the right to, on a continuous 
basis, take, if necessary in tranches, preference shares up 
to a maximum of, after exercise, 50% of the issued capital 
(less one share). Both parties have the interim right to 
cancel the agreement. Following the issue and subsequent 
repurchase or withdrawal of the preference shares, the 
Company intends to discuss the protective devices with the 
General Meeting of Shareholders. 
The objective of the Foundation, in accordance with article 
2 paragraph 1 of its articles of association, is to promote 
the interests of Wereldhave, of the companies affiliated to 
Wereldhave and all stakeholders, whereby the foundation 
also takes into account maintaining the independence, 
continuity and identity of the Company. 
The Board of the Foundation consists of Mr. R. ter Haar, 
who was appointed as Chairman, Mr. S. Perrick, and 
Mrs. K. Bergstein, who succeeded Mr. P. Bouw in 2023. 
The Foundation is independent from the Company within 
the meaning of section 5:71 paragraph 1 under c of the 
Financial Supervision Act. The foundation does not hold 
any shares in Wereldhave at present. 
The Foundation intends to take preference shares if, 
amongst others, a threatening situation occurs where a 
significant interest might come in the possession of legal 
entities or persons who possibly aim to acquire control 
over the Company without the involvement of the Board, 
without guarantees with respect to the independency 
and continuity of Wereldhave and its affiliates and without 
the possibility to safeguard the interests of employees, 
other shareholders and other parties related to Wereldhave 
or, affiliated companies, or without the real value of the 
Wereldhave shares being reflected in a take-over bid, or if 
power is, or may be exercised with the intention to amend 
the strategic policy which is determined by the Board and 
Supervisory Board. 
Wereldhave and the Foundation have agreed that the 
Foundation can request the Company to withdraw or buy 
back the shares six months after issuance of the preference 
shares. In addition, Wereldhave is obliged to convene a 
general meeting of shareholders within eighteen months 
after the issuance date of the preference shares, where the 
withdrawal or buyback of the preference shares will be put 
on the agenda. These contractual clauses imply that the 
issue of any preference shares is intended as a temporary 
protective device. 
ESG engagement 
Wereldhave has dedicated governance in place for 
Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG); this helps 
us to achieve our sustainability goals. At board level, our 
CFO is responsible for Wereldhave’s sustainability policy; 
the Group ESG manager reports directly to the CFO. ESG 
reporting is integrated into management reporting, with 
quarterly updates from country units on sustainability 
performance and progress against our KPIs. All data 
collected through quarterly reports is verified to ensure the 
quality of the information. 
Implementation of our sustainability policy is overseen 
by the Group ESG Manager in cooperation with individual 
initiators in each country. Individual managers are 
responsible for implementing sustainability in their 
own departments. 
Projects contributing to achievement of our targets are 
integrated into Wereldhave’s budgets and business plans. 
With this governance structure, Wereldhave is able to 
embed sustainability more effectively into its daily 
operations. 
Diversity 
We promote diversity and inclusion throughout our 
workforce. With a Board of Management of only two 
persons, both being male, there is ample perspective on 
improvement on gender diversity as from 2026. The female 
gender representation in the Netherlands and Belgium at 
the operational and financial management level just below 
the Board of Management is 40%. If we combine the Board 
of Management and this sub-top, the diversity is below 
the overall target of 33% target with only 28% female 
representation. However, with a nearly equal gender 
representation in the Company, there are sufficient future 
opportunities on improvement. 
The female gender representation within the Supervisory 
Board is currently 33%, which is in line with the targets as 
set in Wereldhave’s Governance Charter. 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
Wereldhave is compliant with the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code applicable to the year 2023. In the scope 
of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, as amended in 
2022, the Company maintains a reconciliation table in 
which is set out how the principles of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code are complied with. This reconciliation 
table is published on our website. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
63
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 65:
Risk profile 
As a retail property investor in the Netherlands, Belgium 
and France, Wereldhave is particularly sensitive to factors 
that impact demand for space from retailers. This is primarily 
driven by customer behavior. A decline in customer footfall 
and spending may lead to a lower demand for space, with 
negative impact upon: 
• The value of our assets 
• Occupancy rates, rental levels and subsequently rental 
income 
• Property market liquidity for acquisitions and disposals 
In addition, (local) governmental decisions such as the 
introduction of paid parking can severely impact footfall and 
retail sales, thus putting a pressure on rent. Ease of access 
of our centers is an essential element in the customers’ 
choice where to go for shopping. 
Risk Management 
Wereldhave is focusing on the preservation of its reputation, 
assets, competitive advantage and profits, applying 
enterprise- wide risk management (ERM). ERM is the process 
of systematically identifying, analyzing, evaluating and 
mitigating risks that may impact the achievement of our 
corporate objectives. We consider risk management to be an 
essential ingredient of good corporate governance. Better 
understanding of risks and taking mitigating measures enables 
Wereldhave to prevent risks to actually occur, minimize losses 
of incidents and to optimally benefit from opportunities. Risk 
management and internal control is embedded in the 
organization using these five interrelated components: 
1. Governance and Culture: Governance sets the 
organizational tone, establishing oversight responsibilities 
for risk. Culture pertains to our Code of Ethics and the 
understanding of the risks we are exposed to. 
2. Strategy and Objective-Setting: A risk appetite is 
established and aligned with our strategy; business 
objectives put strategy into practice while serving as a 
basis for identifying, assessing, and responding to risk. 
3. Performance: Risks that may impact the achievement of 
strategy and business objectives need to be identified 
and assessed. Risks are prioritized by severity in the 
context of our risk appetite. We select appropriate risk 
responses and review the risk we run at a portfolio level. 
We aim to be transparent about this exposure toward our 
key risk stakeholders. 
4. Review and Revision: By reviewing entity performance, 
we evaluate the performance of our enterprise risk 
management components over time and review what 
changes are needed. 
5. Information, Communication, and Reporting: We regard 
enterprise risk management as a continuous process 
of obtaining and sharing necessary information, from 
both internal and external sources, which flows up, down, 
and across the organization. 
Wereldhave adopts the so-called ‘’three lines of defense” 
when it comes to managing risks. The overall responsibility 
for establishing, operating and monitoring risk management 
and internal controls is with the Board of Management, 
from which the CFO is contact point for risk management 
and internal control activities. The primary responsibility 
for managing risks is with the business, meaning country 
managers and their direct reports. On the group level 
Wereldhave has several staff departments which support 
in managing specific risk areas. The Finance and Control 
team facilitates and monitors the overall risk management 
process. The third line of defense is the internal audit. Risk 
management is a full Supervisory Board topic to ensure 
sound risk management and internal control systems are 
maintained. Reports are always discussed in full in the 
Supervisory Board, the Audit Committee prepares but does 
not filter or select. The internal auditor assesses the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal controls and risk 
mitigating measures and reports to the Board of Management. 
The internal auditor has a direct escalation reporting line 
to the Audit Committee. Wereldhave has outsourced the 
internal audit function to BDO, who liaises with the Group 
Controller. The internal audit plan is discussed with and 
approved by the Board of Management, followed by the 
review and approval of the Supervisory Board. The internal 
audit plan priorities are directly derived from Wereldhave’s 
latest annual risk assessment and focused in 2023 on a pre 
go-live and post go-live assessment of the newly implemented 
ERP system as well as our valuation and treasury processes. 
Risk management and internal controls 
Risk management and internal controls 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
64
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 66:
Fraud risks form an integral part of our risk assessment. 
A variety of controls is in place ranging, ranging from a strict 
code of conduct outlining our business integrity principles 
to integrity awareness training and enforcing segregation 
of duties for key operational and financial transactions. 
Wereldhave is continuously working on automating its 
business processes to ensure transactions are processed in 
a more effective and efficient way. As part of these projects, 
we always consider embedding internal controls in the 
IT systems that we purchase or develop. The Board of 
Management considers the controls in place as sufficient 
and adequate to control the fraud risk. 
Strategic objectives of our strategy 
We aim to position our centers as Full Service Centers in 
close proximity of dense urban areas, to fulfil daily needs of 
life. Our centers should offer a broad range of partnerships 
and services to support tenants in doing better business 
and empower people to live a more well-balanced everyday 
life close to home. Together with all partners within the local 
eco-systems we will build Full Service Centers to deliver 
better everyday life and better business. 
Our strategic long-term objectives are to: 
1. Grow rental income and drive property returns 
of our assets to create value 
2. Become a customer oriented Company 
3. Attract and retain tenants 
4. Be responsible, ambitious and innovative 
5. Maintain strong and flexible financing 
We conducted workshops in the fourth quarter of 2023 with 
our Executive Committee as well as the Audit Committee to 
update our risk profile and assessment of these risks. The 
objectives were to identify, assess and evaluate risks and 
their exposure to our strategy and continuity. This includes 
understanding the potential impact of identified risks as well 
as mitigation measures in place to reduce these risks and 
have been reflected in our internal risk register. The identified 
risks with high impact are discussed further in this section. 
The high impact risks of the Group are periodically reviewed 
by the Board of Management and Supervisory Board. The 
high impact risks in relation to our strategy are presented 
on the following pages. Our risk assessment update in 
2023 did not identify new high impact risks In comparison 
to 2022. The arrow depicts how the high impact risk 
assessment changed during the year in comparison to 
the previous year. Controls have been designed, both 
preventive and detective, to mitigate risks as far as possible. 
These controls are embedded in our business processes 
and defined in our Internal Control Framework. 
Climate-related risks, both physical as the transition to a 
lower-carbon economy, are part of our risks assessments. 
The main focus of our risk assessments is the direct effect 
of transitional risks, such as the need to meet regulatory 
standards or future tenant needs. Paris-Proof carbon 
roadmaps address this risk and are integrated in the 
redevelopment or maintenance planning of our assets to 
achieve the 2030 emission reduction target of 30%. Direct 
effects of physical risks are included in our BREEAM-in-use 
assessments. Considering our asset base largely consists 
of investment properties carried at fair value, we have 
concluded that the effect of climate-related risks does 
not have a material impact on accounts and disclosures, 
including judgments and estimates in the financial 
statements. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
65
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 67:
  Grow rental income and drive property 
returns of our assets to create value 
  Become a customer  
oriented Company 
  Attract and  
retain tenants 
  Be responsible, ambitious  
and innovative 
  Maintain strong and  
flexible financing 
The high impact risks of the Group in relation to our strategy are: 
Our strategic long-term objectives are to: 
Risk Controls Relating to strategic objectives KPI’s 
Preventable risks
A Access to equity markets
• Investor relations stakeholder engagement
• Conference calls and roadshows on results
• Investor relation reports to Supervisory Board
• Frequent consultations of large shareholders
       
• Share price
• Discount to NAV
• Total shareholder return
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
B Availability and costs of finance
• Treasury Policy including hedging strategy
• Continuous dialogue with financiers
• Green financing framework
       
• Average interest rate
• Duration
• Spread of funding
• Loan-to-ValueChange of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
C Attract and retain tenants
• Periodic operational reports on leasing activity and funnel, 
occupancy, visitor and sales developments
• Category leasing management
• Data sharing to assess performance
• Sustainability committee per center
• Key tenant management
• Network and leads
       
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return
• NPS
• Footfall
• Tenant feedback
• Retail balance
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
D Development risks
• Monitoring to prevent cost and time overruns
• Pre-letting conditions
• Recurring external appraisals
• Investment proposals
• Post-completion analyses
  
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return 
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
66
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 68:
Risk Controls Relating to strategic objectives KPI’s 
Preventable risks
E Change of culture
• Number of new concepts launched
• Multiple income streams
• Digitalization of processes
• Monitoring organizational costs
• Attract and retain top talents
• Customer centricity
     
• NPS
• Footfall
• Tenant feedback
• Employee satisfaction
• Staff turnover ratioChange of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
F Regulatory compliance
• Safety and emergency plans including regular safety checks
• Monitor changes in zoning regulations
• Monitor changes in legal and tax landscape
       
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
Strategic risks
G
Failure to find the right response 
to changing market conditions 
or failure to execute the new 
strategy correctly
• Annual budget cycle: bottom-up from asset level business 
plans to consolidated budget
• Disciplined IRR driven asset selection and capital allocation
• Attractive employer to retain key staff
       
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
H
Maintain tax status of 
tax-exempt investment 
institution in NL, BE and FR
• Monitor regulatory requirements
• Monitor trends and developments in political landscape
• Consult and discuss with tax authorities  
  
• Total shareholder return
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
I Achievement of 
sustainability targets
• Quarterly KPI reporting
• Benchmarking (GRESB, CDP)
• BREEAM certification
       
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return
• Sustainable development goalsChange of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
67
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 69:
Risk Key controls Relates to strategic objective: KPI’s 
External risks
J Decreasing property values
• Regular external appraisals
• Disciplined purchase, hold and sell analyses   
• Total return
• Total property return
• Loan-to-Value
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
K Events and emergencies
• Monitor terrorism threat levels
• Cyber-attack sensitivity assessments
• Insurance for physical damage and business interruption
• Response procedures for (pandemic) events
       
• Total return
• Total property return
• Total shareholder return
Change of risk during 
2023 compared to 2022
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
68
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 70:
Dear Stakeholders, 
The year 2023 saw inflation rates in the EU decreasing, 
having reached its peak in October 2022. However, in the 
first half of 2023 interest rates rose and this has subdued 
investments in the retail real estate sector. Wereldhave 
has decreased its capex spending in view of the tempered 
macro-economic environment, steep rises in interest and 
building costs, not only materials, but also from increases 
in wages during the year. We have been able to pass on 
the indexation in full in our 2023 rental income, but are 
also happy to see that inflation decreases and rents remain 
affordable for our tenants. 
Over the past few years, the number of leases with a 
turnover component (minimum guaranteed rent + turnover 
component) in the portfolio has increased significantly. 
This provides Wereldhave with valuable management 
insight as to occupancy cost ratios and the affordability of 
rents per segment. Again good progress has been made 
with the transformation of our assets to Full Service Centers 
and our occupancy levels as well as occupancy cost ratios 
are solid. 
In 2023, the Supervisory Board oversaw three key matters: 
the restructuring of the organizations in Belgium and 
the Netherlands, the upcoming changes in the Dutch FBI 
regime and the entering of Phase 2 of the LifeCentral strategy. 
Wereldhave Belgium implemented changes to the 
Management to better align it with the LifeCentral strategy 
and reduce costs. The Board of Wereldhave Belgium will 
be reduced to seven members, of which three independent. 
The Chair of the one-tier board is held by an independent 
board member and Mr. M. Storm holds the position of CEO. 
In the Netherlands we further aligned the organization 
to the reduced asset base and moved the head office, 
therefore reducing costs. 
The abolition of the Dutch REIT tax regime for real 
estate companies (‘FBI’) was discussed at length in the 
November meeting of the Supervisory Board. With effect 
from 1 January 2025, FBI’s will no longer be exempt to pay 
regular income taxes of investments in Dutch real estate. 
This triggered the discussion with the Board to explore 
new business models, more tax efficient legal structures 
and tax mitigating measures. 
On 5 December 2023, we announced the acquisition of 
Polderplein in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands. This first major 
acquisition since 2018 was partially paid in newly issued 
ordinary shares and is the first step in the growth phase of 
our LifeCentral strategy. 
Composition and meetings of  
the Supervisory Board 
On 15 December 2022, Mr. Adriaan Nühn stepped down from 
the Supervisory Board for personal reasons. Mrs. Françoise 
Dechesne was appointed Chair of the Board, with Mr. Hein 
Brand as other member. At the AGM on 21 April 2023, 
Mr. William Bontes was appointed third member of the 
Supervisory Board. 
During the first four months of the year, Mr. Brand chaired 
the Remuneration and Nomination Committee as well as the 
Audit Committee. Following the appointment of Mr. Bontes, 
Mr. Brand remained Chair of the Audit Committee, with 
Mr. Bontes being the other member of the committee. 
Mr. Bontes took the Chair of the Remuneration and 
Nomination Committee, with Mrs. Dechesne as the other 
member. Diversity within the Supervisory Board is at 33%, 
which is in line with the targets as set in Wereldhave’s 
Governance Charter. 
With a Board of Management of only two persons, both 
being male, there is ample perspective on improvement on 
gender diversity as from 2026. The female gender 
representation in the Netherlands and Belgium at the 
operational and financial management level just below the 
Board of Management is 40%. If we combine the Board of 
Management and this sub-top, the diversity is below the 
overall target of 33% with only 28% female representation. 
However, with a nearly equal gender representation in the 
Company, there are sufficient future opportunities on 
improvement. 
A total of sixteen Supervisory Board and Committee 
meetings was held in 2023, with an overall attendance 
rate of 100%. Special meetings were held to approve 
the acquisition of Polderplein in Hoofddorp, refinancing 
arrangements and the upcoming changes in the FBI regime. 
Supervisory Board report 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
69
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Supervisory Board report

Page 71:
In May, the Supervisory Board visited the Mériadeck shopping 
center in Bordeaux with its then nearly completed F&B 
Court and viewed the largest competing retail assets. The 
French team gave a presentation on management topics 
with a tour through the asset. 
On 2 November 2023, two Supervisory Board members 
attended the Capital Markets Day, where management 
presentations to analysts and investors were followed 
by a visit to the Full Service Centers in Capelle aan den 
IJssel and Dordrecht. The presentations made clear that 
Wereldhave’s transformation projects are reaping fruit, 
showcasing the clear improvements after the completion 
of the projects. 
The Supervisory Board decided to maintain both the Audit 
as well as the Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
of the Board, despite the small size of the Board. Given 
the limited size of the Board, the meetings of the Audit 
Committee were combined with the meetings of the 
Supervisory Board. Following the appointment of Mr. Bontes, 
it was decided to resume the regular scheme, with 
separate Committee meetings and Full Board meetings. 
An extensive introductory program was offered to Mr. Bontes 
in July 2023. The event was also attended by the other 
members of the Supervisory Board. Heads of staff gave 
introductions on their roles and responsibilities and the 
main topics within their field of expertise were discussed. 
The Supervisory Board is pleased with the progress that 
has been made during the year, with a first large acquisition 
against the issue of new shares at the end of the year. 
The Board wishes to acknowledge its gratitude toward 
the Board of Management and all employees of the 
Company for their hard work. 
Financial statements 
The Board of Management submitted the 2023 financial 
statements and the Board’s Management Report to the 
Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board recommends 
the adoption of these financial statements. The financial 
statements have been audited by KPMG, who issued 
an unqualified auditor’s opinion. The Supervisory Board 
discussed the audit report and the auditor’s opinion with 
the auditor. The members of the Supervisory Board 
approved the accounts and signed the 2023 financial 
statements. The Board of Management assessed that 
the 2023 results and the current liquidity position allow 
us to distribute a dividend of € 1.20 in cash per share to 
the shareholders, in compliance with the fiscal dividend 
distribution requirement for the year. This represents 
3.4% dividend growth compared to last year and is slightly 
below the Company’s dividend distribution policy, which 
is 75-85% of the direct result per share. The Supervisory 
Board supports this proposal. 
Strategy 
The transformation of Vier Meren in Hoofddorp was 
completed in September 2023. It marked the sixth 
completed Full Service Center by Wereldhave, after 
successfully delivering three FSCs in the Netherlands and 
two in Belgium. The project was delivered on time and well 
within budget. In Q4 2023, Wereldhave delivered another 
three Full Service Centers: Eggert Center in Purmerend, 
De Koperwiek in Capelle aan den IJssel (the Netherlands) 
and Shopping 1 in Genk (Belgium). In the Koperwiek 
in Capelle aan den IJssel, an eat&meet food court 
was already completed in the second quarter of 2023. 
In Q1, 2024 we will officially celebrate the opening of these 
FSC’s. These transformation projects were also completed 
on time and within budget, in spite of a spike in building and 
construction costs, for which we compliment the Board 
of Management. 
On 5 December 2023, Wereldhave announced the 
acquisition of shopping center Polderplein with a parking 
garage in Hoofddorp. The total purchase price amounts 
to € 74m (€ 82m including transaction costs), reflecting 
a net initial yield of 7.6%. As the transaction was 70% equity 
financed, the loan-to-value improved by 30 basis points. 
The transaction was partially settled in 3,605,208 newly 
issued ordinary shares of Wereldhave N.V. following 
a contribution in kind by the seller to Wereldhave. 
The remainder was paid in cash. Following the transaction, 
the number of issued ordinary shares of Wereldhave N.V. 
amounts to 43,876,129 shares. This was the first equity raise 
of the Company since 2015. 
Financing 
The Supervisory Board actively monitors the financing of 
the Company, including the balance sheet and the available 
headroom against the loan covenants. The debt profile and 
the financing strategy are discussed regularly with the 
Board of Management. Other recurring financial items that 
were discussed are dividend levels, the budget, the outlook 
and guidance, the achievement of the financial objectives 
from the 2023 budget, the management agenda and the 
portfolio valuations. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
70
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 72:
Wereldhave successfully tapped the market for US Private 
Placement Notes (USPP) twice in 2023. On 26 July 2023 
an amount of USD 50 million was drawn with a tenor of five 
years. On 1 November an additional USD 50 mln was raised 
with USPP with a tenor of seven years. The proceeds 
of the USPP transactions are fully swapped into euros 
with a fixed interest rate. In addition, Wereldhave agreed 
with two Belgian banks to refinance € 65 million of credit 
facilities maturing in 2024 and a new credit facility of 
€ 20 million, respectively. The weighted average term of 
these transactions is 4.5 years. On a pro forma basis, the 
weighted average duration of the debt portfolio increased 
from 3.3 years to almost four years. These funding 
transactions were on an unsecured basis, maintaining 
Wereldhave’s property portfolio entirely unencumbered. 
Operations 
Operational performance is a recurring topic on every 
meeting of the Supervisory Board. The development 
projects and the associated required capex investments are 
also a standard topic. The country budgets form the basis 
for the Groups consolidated budget, which is also discussed 
in the December meeting of the Board. ESG investments 
as well as the Customer Experience expenditures are part 
of the business plans per asset, which ultimately lead to 
a bottom-up consolidated budget. The budget for 2024 
was discussed and approved in the Board’s meeting in 
December 2023. 
Sustainability 
Wereldhave ranked again as number 1 in its peer group of 
listed Western European shopping center companies in 
the 2023 Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark 
(‘GRESB’). Wereldhave retained its top score of 92/100 
and received a 5-star rating from GRESB for the tenth 
consecutive year. A more than solid achievement in the light 
of ever-increasing benchmark requirements and peer 
performance. 
Wereldhave also received its eighth consecutive Gold 
Award in the annual Sustainability Best Practices 
Recommendations from the European Public Real Estate 
Association (EPRA sBPR). 
Our ESG program “A Better Tomorrow” was developed 
to provide a roadmap from 2020 until the year 2030. 
The program is based on three focus areas: 
• Better Footprint - reduce carbon emissions with 30% 
in 2030 and become Paris Proof in 2045 
• Better Nature - 100% of assets have action plans to 
mitigate physical effects of climate change and double 
the surface of vegetation roofs and green spaces 
• Better Living - Contribute at least 1% of net rental income 
to socio-economic and social inclusion initiatives and 
aim for zero safety incidents at Wereldhave centers 
Progress against these targets was discussed with the 
Supervisory Board in December 2023. 
Risk Management 
In 2023 the company performed a detailed review of 
the risk management framework with the internal auditor 
and in the December meeting of the Audit Committee, 
the top 5 risks from the 2019 risk registry were presented 
and discussed to ensure that the identified causes, control 
measures and effects are aligned with the Audit Committee 
of the Supervisory Board. Subsequently, it was determined 
that management will keep focusing on mitigating the 
identified risks within the acceptable thresholds of 
Wereldhave’s risk appetite. 
The Internal Audit function is performed by BDO. In 
2022 it was decided that the key focus for the 2023 
internal Audit plan would be on the implementation of 
the new ERP system, which is SAP based. The internal 
audits were done before the go live decision and evaluated 
6 months post launch. 
The “post implementation” review was held by BDO to 
assess the design of IT activities and controls in relation to 
the implementation and IT maintenance activities going 
forward. The audit was performed by evaluating documents, 
interviews, and by validations with the (ex) project team 
members. BDO Digital’s assess & advise-frameworks on 
Project and Quality Assurance and IT management were 
used for the audit and recommendations. The report 
provided recommendations, a risk evaluation and some 
more detailed observations of review activities. These were 
discussed with the Supervisory Board in November with 
follow-up on actions in 2024. No risks were labeled as 
high risk. 
The regular internal Audit for 2023 was focused on the 
Treasury function. The Audit did not identify any medium 
or high risks for Wereldhave relating to this process. 
The report was discussed with the Audit Committee in 
its October meeting. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
71
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 73:
Culture 
In September 2023, Wereldhave moved its head office to 
a former theater in the center of Amsterdam, an open office 
with a more creative and inspiring environment, against 
lower general costs in a mixed-use environment aligned 
with the LifeCentral strategy. The staff departments of 
Wereldhave Netherlands were merged with the Holding 
and the new office environment underlines this unified 
structure, acting as a “clubhouse”. 
The Supervisory Board continued the practice that country 
managers and key employees regularly attend its meetings 
for a presentation and discussion of their key focus points. 
Several heads of staff attended the meetings, with 
presentations on HR, customer experience, tax and legal 
risks and ICT. In 2023, this was done with presentations on 
the introduction day for new members of the Board as well 
as on the December budget meeting. 
Culture within the Group was discussed in the November 
meeting of the Supervisory Board. The Board of Management 
continued to use livestream sessions with Q&A’s to update 
the entire international staff. The new office space and the 
360 degrees evaluation of Board members underpin our 
move toward an open, less hierarchical and creative 
environment. 
Corporate Governance 
The Governance Charter was updated in 2023, to reflect 
the changes in the Dutch Governance Code. Wereldhave is 
fully compliant with the Dutch corporate governance code. 
A breakdown of Wereldhave’s position per best practice 
recommendation of the Code can be found on the website. 
The Governance Charter describes the division of roles and 
responsibilities of the Board members, the composition of 
the Management Team and the addition of a related party 
transaction policy. 
Evaluation of performance 
In 2023, an external evaluation of the functioning of the 
Supervisory Board and its members was held. This was 
combined with a 360 degrees evaluation of the members 
of the Board of Management. Of each member of the Board 
of Management, five direct reports were selected by the 
Supervisory Board. These direct reports were questioned 
by two external consultants. 
The results gave valuable insights for the evaluation of both 
members of the Board of Management. The main item for 
improvement for the Board of Management is the internal 
communication and evaluation of changes to the organization 
and to business processes. This could attribute to a quicker 
acceptance within the organization. Recent changes to the 
organization have at some levels led to uncertainty about 
roles and responsibilities. 
Item for improvement for the Supervisory Board is a clear 
adoption of the new roles and responsibilities following the 
recent changes within the Board and its Committees. These 
changes are gradually becoming clearer as the new roles 
are setting in. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee consists of Mr. H. Brand (Chair) and 
Mr. W. Bontes. The Audit Committee’s main role is to 
oversee financial accounting and reporting, internal control, 
risk management and the external auditor including 
auditor independence. In this context, the Audit Committee 
examines and reports to the Supervisory Board on matters 
such as (interim) financial reporting and accounts, asset 
valuations, risk management, accounting methods, finance 
and tax planning and the relationship with the auditor. 
The Audit Committee held five meetings in 2023 to discuss 
the 2022 FY results, the Annual Report for 2022, the 
quarterly results for 2023 and the budget for 2024. The 
meetings were attended by the Company’s CEO and/or 
CFO and the Company Secretary, as well as the external 
auditor. The attendance rate of Supervisory Board members 
to the meetings was 100%. 
The Audit Committee regularly convened with the external 
auditor, without the Board of Management. The regular 
items on the agenda include the financial results and 
financial statements, the annual accounts, the property 
valuations, the internal and external audit plans, IT general 
controls, findings and opinion, the liquidity profile and 
financing of the Company, interest rate and currency risks, 
legal risks and tax risks and the in control statements. 
In addition, the Audit Committee monitors operational 
performance against the budget and reviews investment 
and divestment proposals. The external valuations for the 
standing portfolio were discussed with the auditors twice 
a year. In 2023, Wereldhave changed the valuators for the 
portfolio. The proposal to appoint CBRE and KroesePaternotte 
was discussed with the Audit Committee and approved by 
the Supervisory Board. 
The proposal to pay a dividend in respect of 2023 at € 1.20 
per share was approved in February 2024. This is slightly 
below the pay-out ratio of 75-85% and the retained funds 
will be used to lower the LTV ratio and for the continued 
transformation of the portfolio. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
72
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 74:
The audit plan 2023 by KPMG was discussed and approved 
in the July meeting of the Audit Committee. Mr. W. Paulissen 
is the lead partner for the audit. In the AGM on April 21, 
2023, KPMG was reappointed for the years 2023 up to and 
including 2024. This period runs parallel with the appointment 
of KPMG at Wereldhave Belgium. 
The Audit Committee ascertained that the internal audit 
function performed well. The internal audit plan is updated 
annually, tailored to the most recent developments, with 
input of KPMG. The materiality threshold as applied by 
KPMG is set out in the Audit opinion. The Audit Committee 
ascertained that all audit findings in excess of the reporting 
threshold, adjusted and unadjusted, will be reported by 
the auditor. 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee consists of 
Mr. W. Bontes (Chair) and Mrs. F. Dechesne. Two meetings 
were held in 2023, in February and October. In December, 
Mrs. Dechesne attended a Works Council meeting, upon 
invitation by the Council. 
In November 2023, the Board of Management 
discussed its view on the remuneration policy with the 
Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board reviewed the 
current remuneration policy and does not seek changes 
in the policy within the current nomination durations. 
In the event of future changes in the composition of 
the Board, a full third party market review of the fixed 
remuneration package will be made. Some minor 
amendments to the policy will be proposed to shareholders 
on the AGM to be held on 24 April 2024. 
The state of diversity was posted on the portal for diversity 
of the SER, the Dutch Social Economic Council. The 
committee also reviewed and discussed the diversity policy. 
The committee intends to monitor follow-up of the targets 
that are set in the Company’s policy. 
In Belgium it has been agreed that Board members of 
Wereldhave Belgium who are appointed upon the proposal 
of the majority shareholders receive a separate remuneration 
in Belgium, which is to be in line with Belgian market 
practice. Until now, the remuneration for these positions 
was included in the general remuneration at group level. 
The remuneration levels in Belgium were submitted to the 
Supervisory Board for approval, prior to their adoption in 
Belgium. The Supervisory Board has approved the separate 
appointments, also in view of the contractual right of 
members of the Board of Management to accept a limited 
number of third-party board positions. 
In the AGM on 24 April 2024, the reappointment of 
Mr. H. Brand will be proposed, for a third term, bringing 
his total tenure to nine years. Mr. Brand was first appointed 
in 2017 for four years. In 2021 he was reappointed for a 
period of three years. The Supervisory Board proposes 
his renomination for a third consecutive term of two years, 
expiring in 2026. This enables the Supervisory Board to 
preserve valuable knowledge within the Board and to 
gradually seek a suitable successor. 
Related party transactions 
In the year under review there have been no business 
transactions with members of the Board of Management 
nor the Supervisory Board in which conflicts of interest may 
have played a role. 
Any business transactions between the Company and 
members of the Board are published in the Annual Report. 
Finally 
The Supervisory Board acknowledges that the performance 
of the Group has been delivered by committed and dedicated 
staff and a Board of Management that seeks to continuously 
improve and pushes the Company forward in this strategy. 
The Supervisory Board would like to thank the Board of 
Management as well as the entire staff for their achievements. 
On behalf of the Supervisory Board,  
 
Françoise Dechesne,  
Chair of the Supervisory Board 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
73
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 75:
Chapter 1: 
Wereldhave N.V. remuneration policy 
2020 onwards 
The remuneration policy 2020 and onwards was adopted 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 24 April 2020. 
Our remuneration policy was designed by considering 
current market and best practices, the Dutch corporate 
governance code and the Dutch implementation of the 
European Shareholder Rights Directive (“SRD II”). It is 
aligned with our customer centric strategy. Successful 
commercial real estate goes beyond shopping and assets. 
It should offer a broad range of partnerships and services 
to support tenants in doing better business and empower 
people to live a more well-balanced everyday life close 
to home. Together with all partners within the local eco-
systems we will build full-service platforms to make every 
day count. Wereldhave applies a total return approach. 
We use forward looking IRR for hold/sell analyses, invest 
in assets at densely populated areas and well-connected 
mixed-use locations, create sector and geographic 
scale to allow for an efficient service platform, invest in 
undermanaged assets that meet our strategic criteria and 
dispose of assets that do not meet the IRR threshold. 
We therefore measure our success by the total property 
return of our assets, customer satisfaction, as expressed in 
the Net Promoter Score as well as the footfall of our assets. 
These KPI’s have been selected as the drivers for variable 
short-term pay. The indicators are used throughout the 
organization for incentive schemes, to enhance the 
alignment of pay with performance of the strategic goals. 
The goals of the remuneration policy for members of the 
Board of Management are to align individual and company 
performance, strengthen long-term commitment to the 
company, and attract, motivate and retain the best 
executive management talent, whilst creating alignment 
with stakeholders. 
The essential qualifications comprise not only knowledge 
and experience in the field of real estate, but also the 
prerequisite management competencies. The policy aims to 
safeguard the company’s performance and value growth, 
whilst positioning Wereldhave as an attractive employer for 
highly qualified directors. 
Remuneration philosophy 
The following elements are taken into consideration as part 
of the remuneration philosophy: 
• The remuneration policy aims to attract, motivate and 
retain the best executive management talent; 
 - As such, pay levels are benchmarked against relevant 
reference markets, taking into account the relative 
positioning of Wereldhave in terms of size and 
complexity; 
 - To support the pay for performance principle, 50% of 
the at target total direct compensation package is 
fixed compensation and 50% is conditional upon the 
achievement of performance targets; at maximum 
scores, 32% of total direct compensation package is 
fixed compensation and 68% is conditional upon the 
achievement of performance targets. 
• The remuneration policy supports both short- and long-
term business objectives (strategy), with an emphasis on 
long-term value creation. Wereldhave aims to 
continuously improve, in a balanced way, business 
results and the delivery on sustainability aspirations; 
 - This is amongst others realized by alignment with 
market and best- practices in terms of remuneration, 
based on the relevant European sector and the local 
cross-industry, taking into account the company’s 
identity, mission and values; 
Remuneration report 2023 Wereldhave N.V. 
This report consists of four chapters. The first and second contain an explanation of the current policy for the remuneration of the Board of 
Management and the Supervisory Board respectively. The third contains the execution of the policy in 2023 and the fourth chapter contains 
a proposal to amend the remuneration policy as of 2024. This proposal is submitted for approval at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 
of Wereldhave N.V. to be held on Wednesday 24 April 2024. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
74
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Remuneration report 2023 Wereldhave N.V.

Page 76:
 - Taking into account the level of support in society, 
a balanced approach is chosen. When reviewing 
the remuneration policy, relevant stakeholders are 
consulted, including employee representatives. 
The measures in the incentive plans also reflect the 
balanced approach: 
 - The short-term incentive performance indicators 
are based on and aligned with the financial aspects 
of the strategic review, complemented with 
assessment of individual (non-financial) 
performance; 
 - For the long-term incentive, long-term value 
creation is measured by means of (relative) 
shareholder return, balanced by sustainability as 
measured by an independent and specialized 
institution (GRESB). To emphasize the importance 
of long-term value creation, the LTI comprises a 
relatively larger part of variable pay, compared to 
the STI. 
• The principles underlying the remuneration policies 
for the Board of Management, executives and other 
employees of Wereldhave are aligned. In this respect 
Wereldhave strives for internal consistency in 
remuneration; 
 - In establishing this policy, the Supervisory Board uses 
scenario analyses to estimate the possible outcomes 
and decides whether a correct risk incentive is set for 
the member of the Board of Management with respect 
to the overall level of pay; 
 - Furthermore, the company’s other remuneration 
programs have been taken into account, amongst 
others by ensuring consistency with the company 
• The policy design takes into account statutory and other 
legal provisions, amongst others the Dutch implementation 
of the European Shareholder Rights Directive (“SRD II”) 
and the Dutch corporate governance code. 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee regularly 
reviews the remuneration policy in order to ensure 
alignment with the philosophy as presented above. Based 
on the advice of the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee, the Supervisory Board draws up (amendments 
to) the remuneration policy, consults major shareholders 
and puts the proposal forward for adoption at the general 
meeting of shareholders. 
The total remuneration of the Board of Management of 
Wereldhave N.V. currently consists of: 
• Fixed income; 
• Variable income; 
 - Short-term incentive (“STI”); 
 - Long-term incentive (“LTI”); 
• Pension and other secondary employment benefits. 
Labor market and performance peer group 
The remuneration levels for Board members are based on 
surveys and analyses by Korn Ferry. The Supervisory Board 
regards Wereldhave as an operational company, rather than 
a financial company, and compares market practice 
remuneration of European peer companies to individual 
benchmark remuneration. 
The peer group consists of: Altarea-Cogedim (FR), Atrium 
European Real Estate (AU), Citycon (FI), Cofinimmo (BE), 
Deutsche Euroshop (DE), Eurocommercial Properties (NL), 
Gecina (FR), Hamborner (DE), Hufvudstaden (SE), IGD (IT), 
Klépierre (FR), Leasinvest (BE), Mercialys (FR), NSI (NL), PSP 
Swiss Property (CH), Retail Estates (BE), Carmila (FR), 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (FR) and Vastned Retail (NL). 
As the listing of Atrium European Real Estate (AU) was 
terminated in 2021, Capital & Regional Plc (GB) was 
designated as replacement. The listing of Deutsche 
Euroshop was terminated in 2022 and therefore replaced 
by Hammerson (GB). 
This peer group serves both for assessing the remuneration 
levels as measuring relative Total Shareholder Return 
(“TSR”) performance. Given the size of the significantly 
larger Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and Klépierre, and to 
position Wereldhave around the median of the group in 
terms of size (based on revenue, market capitalization, total 
assets and employees), these companies are excluded for 
assessing remuneration levels. To accommodate potential 
changes in the labor market and performance peer group 
due to e.g. a delisting, merger or other extraordinary 
circumstances, the Supervisory Board may exercise 
discretion to substitute comparable companies. Given the 
company’s headquarters in the Netherlands, and as a 
second reference market, the local cross-industry is taken 
into account by means of the index in which Wereldhave 
is included (currently the AScX index) corrected for size 
(based on revenue, market capitalization, total assets and 
employees). 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
75
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 77:
Fixed income 
The fixed income component is set for the appointment 
period, but are subject to indexation annually with the Dutch 
Consumer Price index (Eurostat) over the period between 
31 October of the current year and the previous year. 
Variable income 
The variable income amounts to a target variable income of 
100% of the fixed annual income, of which 40% comprises 
a short-term incentive in cash and 60% comprises a long-
term incentive in shares. 
Short-term incentive 
The short-term incentive score is determined by a financial 
target, accounting for 50% of the STI, two qualitative and 
measurable targets that are directly connected to the 
strategy, each accounting for 20% of the STI, and one non-
financial (individual) target, accounting for 10% of the STI. 
The targets are taken from the Company strategy, which are 
fixed for the coming remuneration policy period (3-4 years). 
The annual target setting and weights for 2023 as 
determined by the Supervisory Board were as follows: 
STI Targets Weight Threshold At Target Maximum 
0% score 100% score 150% score 
Total return continued operating shopping centers (calculated as EBIT + 
valuation result) ¹ 50% of STI 
Return equal to MSCI retail 
property return Benelux 
Return 0.5% above the MSCI retail 
property return Benelux 
Return 1% above the MSCI retail 
property return Benelux 
Net Promoter Score Visitors ² 20% of STI NPS = 21 NPS = 23 NPS = 25 
Average footfall increase y-o-y of continued operating shopping centers ³ 20% of STI 0% 1% 3% 
Individual target Board members 10% of STI Set annually Set annually Set annually 
1 Continued operating shopping centers exclude developments and refurbishments until the first transformation projects have been completed. As from this date, the performance will be calculated over continued operations including developments and refurbishments. 
The rationale is that developments and refurbishments for the transformation have a negative impact on performance, while under construction. This will on the somewhat longer term be mitigated by completed transformations, however not during the initial period. 
2 The NPS sore is calculated as the 1-year moving average NPS score, measured over the entire portfolio of continued operating shopping centers (see 1). 
3 The Supervisory Board is allowed to replace this indicator by an even more targeted indicator of average dwell time and basket size, when the required data collection for these measures becomes available. 
 
Total property return is a measure of the ungeared return 
for the portfolio and is calculated as the change in capital 
value, less any capital expenditure incurred, plus net 
income, expressed as a percentage of capital employed 
over the period concerned, excluding land. The net 
promoter score (NPS) is a management tool to measure 
the customer experience. The NPS score is a good way to 
predict client loyalty and shows the willingness to promote 
the company to others. It provides a quantifiable outcome 
and it is the most common tool used worldwide. The NPS 
is calculated externally by a third party. Footfall is the 
measure of visitor numbers, counted by automated 
counters, leading to anonymized visitor information. It is 
an indicator of the competitiveness of a shopping center. 
Based on performance against these targets, a minimum 
of zero and a maximum of 1.5 times (150%) the short-term 
incentive (of 40% of the fixed annual income) can become 
payable, with pro rata pay-out for performance between 
threshold (50% of target) and maximum (150% of target). 
Individual targets will be aligned with strategic business 
priorities in a certain year and will always be measurable. 
The individual 2023 STI targets for board members are 
disclosed in chapter 3 of the 2023 remuneration report. 
Long-term incentive 
The number of shares conditionally granted under the 
LTI is determined based on the closing price of the first 
trading day after the share has gone ex-dividend date, 
immediately after the Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders of the year in respect of which the LTI is to 
be granted. The vesting period will start on the day the 
conditional shares are granted. If a dividend is paid on 
Wereldhave shares, the conditional share balance will be 
increased by a number of conditional shares equal to the 
amount of the dividend divided by the ex-dividend share 
price. These additional conditional shares are subject to the 
same terms as the conditional shares that were initially 
awarded. The performance shares are conditional. Vesting, 
three years after grant, is subject to continuous employment 
and is determined by financial and non-financial targets, 
accounting for 75% and 25% of the LTI, respectively. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
76
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 78:
The targets and weights are as follows: 
• Relative Total Shareholder Return - 75% of the LTI; 
• GRESB score - 25% of the LTI. 
After vesting, a holding period of two years applies. 
Relative Total Shareholder Return (75% of LTI) 
Total shareholder return (“TSR”) is defined as the share 
price increase, including reinvested dividends. TSR is 
measured over a three-year period based on a three-month 
average of the last three months of the year before the start 
and the end of the performance period. The performance 
period starts on 1 January of the year in respect of which the 
LTI is to be granted. Wereldhave uses the same peer group 
as for benchmarking individual remuneration. The ranking 
against the peer group determines the vesting level. 
At the end of the vesting period, a minimum of zero and 
a maximum of 3 times (300%) the number of shares 
conditionally granted, under the TSR performance 
condition, can become unconditional based on relative 
performance over the performance period. 
Vesting per ranking position for the relative TSR performance incentive zone 
Ranking 20-11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 
Vesting 0% 75% 150% 150% 200% 200% 250% 250% 300% 300% 300% 
 
The vesting range is determined by threshold vesting at 
ranking position 10 (no vesting for performance below 
the median of the group) and maximum vesting at a Top 3 
ranking position. An absolute TSR hurdle will be applied: 
if TSR development is negative, the LTI multiplier will be 
capped at 100% of the originally granted shares plus 
reinvested dividends. 
We provide the example below for clarification: 
LTI 2020 
• 60% of fixed income 2020/closing price 28 April 2020 
• (ex-dividend date) 
• Grant LTI 2020: 29 April 2020 
• Performance period 1 January 2020 up to 31 December 
2022 
• Vesting period 29 April 2020 up to 28 April 2023 
• Holding period 29 April 2023 up to 28 April 2025 
GRESB score (25% of LTI) 
GRESB was launched in 2009 by a group of large pension 
funds who wanted to have access to comparable and 
reliable data on the ESG performance of their investments. 
GRESB have grown to become the leading Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) benchmark for real estate and 
infrastructure investments across the world. The GRESB 
Score is an overall measure of ESG performance – 
represented as a percentage (100 percent maximum). 
The GRESB Score gives quantitative insight into ESG 
performance in absolute terms, over time and against peer 
companies. The GRESB Green Star is a rating on absolute 
performance. Entities with scores higher than 50 on both 
the “Management & Policy” and the “Implementation & 
Measurement” dimensions are rated a “Green Star”. This is 
why the GRESB 5 star rating system is more challenging. 
It is based on the GRESB Score and its quintile position 
relative to the GRESB universe, with annual calibration of 
the model. It is calculated relative to the global performance 
of all reporting entities - property type and geography 
are not taken into account. In this way the GRESB Rating 
provides investors with insight into the differentiation of 
overall ESG performance against continuously improving 
peers within the global property sector. If certain regions 
systematically perform better, they will on average have 
higher-rated companies and funds. If the entity is placed in 
the top quintile, it will have a GRESB 5-star rating; if it is in 
the bottom quintile, it will have a GRESB 1-star rating, etc. 
If GRESB ceases to rate companies, the Supervisory Board 
will replace this indicator with an equivalent as published 
by an independent leading sector specialist, whereby the 
company must rank between the top 25% of sustainability 
performers in the sector to earn the target level. At vesting, 
a minimum of zero and a maximum of 1 time (100%) the 
number of shares conditionally granted can become 
unconditional, based on performance. This implies that 
a 5-star rating is rewarded with at target reward level to 
emphasize the standard ambition level. The below vesting 
range is applicable for the GRESB target (as a percentage 
of target, i.e. 25% of the LTI, with no overachievement 
possibility). 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
77
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 79:
Vesting per ranking position for GRESB 
GRESB star 1 2 3 4 5 
Vesting 0% 0% 50% 75% 100% 
 
Vesting 
Vested shares are transferred to the director, if the terms 
are satisfied after a performance period of three years, 
following the year in respect of which these shares were 
awarded. After vesting of LTI shares, a two-year holding 
period is applicable. The holding period and the shareholding 
guideline do not apply for the portion of the shares that 
have vested, to pay the taxes that are due upon vesting. 
Malus/claw-back/change of control 
If a director is summarily dismissed without further notice in 
accordance with the law or is considered to be a bad leaver, 
the conditional share balance reverts to the company. If the 
director steps down or is not reappointed at the end of the 
agreed appointment period, the scheme remains intact with 
regard to the conditional share balance. The awards will 
be pro-rated for the time served. Once the conditions have 
been met, the vested shares will be transferred to the 
director. The scheme will remain intact for good leavers, 
with due observation of the original vesting period of three 
years, but no additional holding period. Upon vesting, the 
members of the Board of Management pay income tax 
and social charges on the long-term variable remuneration. 
The Supervisory Board is authorized to downwards 
adjust the amount of a short or long-term incentive to 
an appropriate level if payment of the incentive, based on 
standards of reasonableness and fairness, would be 
unacceptable. Incentive for this purpose means the unpaid 
part of the variable remuneration of which the granting is 
entirely or partially dependent on the achievement of 
certain targets or the occurrence of certain circumstances. 
The Supervisory Board is also authorized to withdraw 
conditional long-term benefits in exchange for a cash 
payment at market value, if circumstances require. The 
Supervisory Board will motivate a decision to adjust an 
incentive or to withdraw in exchange for cash appropriately. 
The Supervisory Board is authorized to claw back a short or 
long-term incentive or annul a non-vested incentive entirely 
or partially to the extent that the award paid out was based 
on materially misstated information with respect to the 
achievement of targets or the occurrence of circumstances 
on which the incentive was based which was known or 
should reasonably have been known by the Board of 
Management. The Supervisory Board will motivate the 
decision to claw back the incentive appropriately. In case 
of a change in control, the awards normally vest prorated 
for time and subject to the performance conditions. 
Alternatively, the award may be exchanged for awards in 
the acquiring company. 
Pension 
No provision facilitating early retirement is in place. 
Members of the Board of Management are subject to the 
same pension scheme as all other Wereldhave employees 
in the Netherlands. Wereldhave has a defined contribution 
pension scheme based on a fiscal maximum ladder of 2.5% 
over the pensionable salary which is indexed annually. Due 
to previous benefits prior to their employment by 
Wereldhave, the CEO and CFO are receiving an additional 
gross pension contribution as disclosed in chapter 3. These 
amounts are subject to indexation annually with the Dutch 
Consumer Price index (Eurostat) over the period between 
31 October of the current year and the previous year. 
Other secondary conditions, fringe benefits 
Wereldhave N.V. offers the members of its Board of 
Management a competitive package of secondary 
employment benefits in accordance with those offered to its 
other employees. This benefit package includes a company 
car or a car allowance equal to the applicable leasing price, 
accident insurance, disability insurance and director liability 
insurance. The company does not issue loans, advances or 
guarantees to the members of its Board of Management. 
Conditions of assignment 
Directors are appointed for a four-year period with a 
possibility of early termination. The severance payment is 
capped at one year’s salary with a notification period of two 
months for the director and four months for the company. 
The contract of assignment does not contain a change-of 
control clause. 
The contracts contain a clause that requires the company 
to compensate the directors for any loss or damage in 
relation to liability claims based on acts or omissions in 
the performance of their duties. Damage to reputation is 
explicitly excluded. The indemnification does not apply to 
claims related to personal gain, advantage or rewards to 
which the director was not entitled, or if the claimed loss or 
damage was caused by gross negligence, intent, deliberate 
recklessness or serious imputability. It does include the 
costs of defense, which are advanced by the company 
under the condition that these expenses must be repaid if 
it is determined in a final judgment that the director was not 
entitled to indemnification. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
78
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 80:
Chapter 2:  
Supervisory Board remuneration policy 
On the basis of the revised Shareholder Rights Directive 
as implemented into Dutch law per November 2019, the 
remuneration policy for members of the Supervisory Board 
was submitted for shareholder adoption. Wereldhave did 
not propose any amendments to the remuneration policy of 
the Supervisory Board members. The remuneration levels 
were last reviewed and amended in 2019. The policy was 
approved on 24 April 2020. 
The main objective of Wereldhave’s Supervisory Board 
remuneration policy is to attract and retain members of the 
Supervisory Board, taking into account the nature of the 
Company's Business, the Supervisory Board's activities and 
the desired expertise, experience and independence of the 
Supervisory Board members, as set out in the Profile and 
skills matrix of the Supervisory Board. 
The policy aims to reward Supervisory Board members 
to utilize their expertise and experience to the maximum 
extent possible, to execute the responsibilities assigned 
to them including but not limited to the responsibilities 
imposed by the Civil Code, Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code and the Articles of Association. 
To the extent applicable, the same policy principles are 
applied for the Supervisory Board as for the Board of 
Management. This implies, among others, that the policy 
takes into account the Wereldhave strategy, long-term 
interests and sustainability, identity, mission and values 
of the company. More detail is provided in the Board of 
Management remuneration policy. 
The Supervisory Board draws up the Supervisory Board 
remuneration policy based on advice from its Remuneration 
and Nomination Committee. The remuneration policy will be 
reviewed, as a minimum, once every four years to verify its 
market competitiveness, potentially leading to adjustments. 
In case of proposed adjustments, the proposed 
remuneration policy will be put forward for adoption at the 
General Meeting. 
On this basis, the remuneration for Supervisory Board 
members consists of a fixed fee and a committee fee, which 
varies for the Chairman, Vice Chairman and members, to 
reflect the time spent and the responsibilities of the role. 
In preparing the remuneration policy and to determine the 
remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board, the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee uses surveys and 
analyses by internationally recognized firms specializing in 
executive compensation. For this purpose, the same 
remuneration level benchmark approach is applicable 
as for the Board of Management, comprising a peer group 
of European peer companies and the local cross-industry 
by means of the index in which Wereldhave is included 
corrected for size (based on revenue, market capitalization, 
total assets and employees), taking into account the two-tier 
board structure. The fixed and committee fees are subject 
to indexation annually with the Dutch Consumer Price index 
(Eurostat) over the period between 31 October of the 
current year and the previous year. In addition, the 
Company reimburses reasonable actual incurred costs, 
other than travel expenses within the Netherlands, which 
are deemed to be included in the annual pay. 
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board members is 
not affected by the Company’s results, nor by any change 
of control at the Company. The Company does not award 
any options or shares to members of the Supervisory Board. 
No loans are issued to members of the Supervisory Board. 
Wereldhave does not grant advance payments or 
guarantees to Supervisory Board members. 
No additional remuneration is paid upon recruiting new 
Supervisory Board members (“sign-on bonus”). The 
agreements with Supervisory Board members do not 
contain any severance or claw-back provisions. None 
of the Supervisory Board members holds shares or rights 
to shares in Wereldhave. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed for a 
four-year term, unless stated otherwise. An individual may 
be a member of the Supervisory Board for consecutive 
periods up to eight years. The Supervisory Board member 
may then – in view of extraordinary circumstances – only 
be reappointed for a period of two years, but such 
reappointment proposal needs to state the reasons for 
the exception to the general 8-year rule. 
The Supervisory Board remuneration policy has been 
prepared to be well aligned with the external environment 
in which the company operates as well as with all applicable 
rules, regulations and best practices. Wereldhave is aware 
of the public debate surrounding the topic of remuneration, 
including the debate on internal pay differentials, and 
strives for broad stakeholder support. In this light, it has 
conducted a series of discussions with shareholders/ 
institutional investors and has invited the Works Council 
in the Netherlands to provide feedback. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
79
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 81:
Chapter 3: 
Execution of the remuneration policy in 2023 
This section describes how the remuneration policy was 
executed in 2023. The remuneration in 2023 is based on 
the remuneration policy that came into effect on 1 January 
2020 and was adopted by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders on 24 April 2020. 
Remuneration Board of Management for 
the financial year 2023 
The following table provides an overview of the Board of 
Management’s remuneration that became unconditional in, 
or at year-end 2023. Disclosures on accrual basis in line 
with IFRS reporting requirements are presented in note 38. 
Long-term incentive 2020 
Fixed income in € 
Short-term  
incentive in € 
Number of  
shares vested 
Value¹ of shares 
vested in € 
Pension contribution 
and compensation 
Company car and 
other fringe benefits Extraordinary items Total remuneration 
Relative proportion 
fixed/variable 
Matthijs Storm, CEO, 01-01/31-12 641,164 367,600 13,823 199,881 89,178 24,000 63,703 1,385,526 59/41 
Dennis de Vreede, CFO, 01-01/31-12 462,810 265,344 9,977 144,267 75,090 19,800 53,401 1,020,712 60/40 
1 The value is based on the share price as of 29 December 2023 of € 14.46. 
 
Fixed income 
Wereldhave applies fixed income levels that are set for the 
entire period of the appointment, subject to indexation 
annually for the change in consumer prices. The indexation 
for 2023 came out at 14.3%, but was voluntarily capped at 
11%. Accordingly, as from 1 January 2023, fixed income per 
annum was set at € 641,164 for Mr. Storm and € 462.810 
for Mr. de Vreede. 
Short-term incentive 
The short-term incentive (“STI”) is based on the achieved 
targets during the year 2023 and becomes payable in 
2024. The STI for 2023 was subject to four performance 
measures as detailed in the table below. 
As in last year, the final MSCI retail real estate index for 
the Benelux is not yet available at the time of publication 
of this report. It will be published mid-April 2024 and the 
final calculation and payment of the STI for 2023 will be 
adjusted accordingly. The 2023 scores for the MSCI index 
performance below are estimates based on monthly 
performance during the year and/or historical performance 
figures over the past. Any changes to the STI 2023 
calculation as provided in this report will be explained 
in the remuneration report for the year 2024. 
There were no discrepancies between the estimated MSCI 
score for 2022 and the amounts published in the 2022 
remuneration report. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
80
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 82:
With due observance of the above, the performance in 
2023 as determined by the Supervisory Board against 
the STI targets as set out on page 76 was as follows: 
STI Targets Weight Outcome Score STI pay-out 
Total property return continued  
operating shopping centers¹ 
Belgium 25% of STI Belgium +6.1% vs MSCI index Belgium³ -0.2%, delta +6.3% 150% 25% x 150% x 40% = 15% 
Netherlands 25% of STI Netherlands +10.9% vs MSCI index Netherlands³ -0.2%, delta +11.1% 150% 25% x 150% x 40% = 15% 
Net Promoter Score Visitors² 20% of STI NPS = 24 125% 20% x 125% x 40% = 10% 
Average footfall increase y-o-y of  
continued operating shopping centers 20% of STI 8.2% 150% 20% x 150% x 40% = 12% 
Individual target Board members 
3.33% of STI Delivery of 4 Full Service Centers within budget and above 92% let 150% 3.33% x 150% x 40% = 2.0% 
3.33% of STI Refinancing of € 140m or more, fully unsecured 150% 3.33% x 150% x 40% = 2.0% 
3.33% of STI General costs of € 10.9m 100% 3.33% x 100% x 40% = 1.3% 
Total 2023 STI outcome 57.3% 
1 Continued operating shopping centers exclude developments and refurbishments until the first transformation projects have been completed. As from this date, the performance will be calculated over continued operations including developments and refurbishments.  
The rationale is that developments and refurbishments for the transformation have a negative impact on performance, while under construction. This will on the somewhat longer term be mitigated by completed transformations, however not during the initial period. 
2 The NPS sore is calculated as the 1-year moving average NPS score, measured over the entire portfolio of continued operating shopping centers (see 1). 
3 MSCI Index Netherlands is an estimation based on annualized quarterly index. MSCI Index Belgium is estimated based on MSCI Index Netherlands. MSCI annual index for Netherlands and Belgium may differ. 
 
The Supervisory Board considers this STI to be a fair 
remuneration, in view of the extraordinary performance in 
outperforming the MSCI index. For 2023, the footfall target 
was 1% (at target) and the NPS target was raised to +23 (at 
target).The individual targets for 2023 were delivery of four 
Full Service Centers within budget (at target), improving 
the liquidity by € 103m and 4 year maturity (at target) and 
a direct general costs of € 10.9m (at target). The first two 
targets have scores above target while direct general costs 
are in line with target. 
Long-term incentive 
In April 2023 the long-term incentive (“LTI”) granted in 
2020 vested for the 25% relating to the GRESB part of the 
scheme as detailed in the policy. The 75% relating to TSR 
part did not vest as Wereldhave ended on the 11th place 
against its peers. For Mr. Storm vesting resulted in a total 
number of 13,823 shares vested and for Mr. de Vreede a 
total number of 9,977 shares. The vested shares are subject 
to a holding period of 2 years ending on 28 April 2025. 
The performance period for the LTI 2021 plan ended on 
31 December 2023. Wereldhave ranked 5th place against 
its peers on the Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) for the 
performance years 2021 to 2023. In addition, Wereldhave 
retained the 5-star GRESB rating at the end of 2023. As a 
result the vesting for the LTI plan 2021 will be equal to 
212.5% of the vesting at target level. On the basis of shares 
including reinvested dividends at 31 December 2023, this 
performance implies that 58,038 shares will vest (before 
tax) to the CEO and 41,894 shares will vest (before tax) 
to the CFO on 28 April 2024. The shares are subject to a 
holding period of 2 years ending on 28 April 2026. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
81
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 83:
The table below provides an overview of the outstanding LTI 
schemes which includes shares granted but not yet vested 
or shares vested but still blocked as at 31 December 2023. 
Dividends during the vesting period are reinvested and 
added to the scheme. 
 
Position Name Plan Date initial grant Vesting date 
Number of shares 
initially granted 
at target level 
Number of shares 
from reinvested 
dividends during 
vesting period 
Number of shares 
 including  reinvested 
 dividends 
Number of shares 
vesting on vesting 
date (before tax) 
Number of shares 
vesting on vesting 
date (after tax) 
End of  
blocking period 
Value¹ of unvested or 
blocked shares as of 
31 December 2023 
CEO Mr. Storm LTI 2020 28 April 2020 28 April 2023 46,032 9,260 55,292 13,823 6,980 28 April 2025 100,931 
LTI 2021 28 April 2021 28 April 2024 23,537 3,775 27,312 58,038 29,309 28 April 2026 423,808 
LTI 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2025 21,715 1,858 23,573 t.b.d. t.b.d. 27 April 2027 172,137 
LTI 2023 27 April 2023 27 April 2026 28,390  - 28,390 t.b.d. t.b.d. 27 April 2028 207,312 
CFO Mr. de Vreede LTI 2020 28 April 2020 28 April 2023 33,227 6,683 39,910 9,977 5,038 28 April 2025 72,849 
LTI 2021 28 April 2021 28 April 2024 16,990 2,725 19,715 41,894 21,156 28 April 2026 305,916 
LTI 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2025 15,674 1,341 17,015 t.b.d. t.b.d. 27 April 2027 124,249 
LTI 2023 27 April 2023 27 April 2026 20,493  - 20,493 t.b.d. t.b.d. 27 April 2028 149,646 
1 The value is based on the share price as of 29 December 2023 of € 14.46.The value for the LTI plan 2020 and 2021 is based on the number of shares actual vesting after tax. For the LTI plan 2022 and 2023 the value is based on the number of shares conditionally granted at target 
level including reinvested dividends after applying currently prevailing income tax rate. 
 
The long-term variable income amounts to 60% of fixed 
income for 2023, granted conditionally as a long-term 
incentive in shares. For Mr. Storm an amount of € 384,698 
resulted in 28,390 shares that are held on a conditional and 
blocked account, with vesting in 2026. For Mr. de Vreede, an 
amount of € 277,686 resulted in 20,493 shares that are held 
on a conditional and blocked account, with vesting in 2026. 
Pension contribution and compensation 
Wereldhave has a defined contribution scheme based on a 
fiscal maximum ladder of 2.5% over the pensionable salary 
of up to € 128.810 as of 1 January 2023. In 2023, the CEO 
and CFO received an additional gross pension contribution 
of € 67,055 per annum and € 42,625 respectively. 
Extraordinary items 
This amount relates to the disposal of extra statutory leave 
that was not taken up by the members of the board. In line 
with general regulations for the group, these days were 
sold to the Company, with prior approval from the 
Supervisory Board. 
Severance payment 
During 2023, there were no directors who were entitled 
to a severance payment. 
Other 
The board members did not receive any additional 
compensation from subsidiaries for board positions they 
held within the group in 2023. In Belgium, it has been 
agreed that as from 1 January 2024, board members of 
Wereldhave Belgium who are appointed upon the proposal 
of the majority shareholders receive a separate remuneration 
in Belgium, which is to be in line with Belgian market practice. 
Until now, the remuneration for these positions was included 
in the general remuneration at group level. The remuneration 
levels in Belgium were submitted to the Supervisory 
Board for approval, prior to their adoption in Belgium. 
The Supervisory Board has approved the separate 
appointments, also in view of the contractual right of 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
82
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 84:
members of the Board of Management to accept a limited 
number of third-party board positions. 
No transactions with a potential conflict of interest were 
reported by members of the Supervisory Board or the 
Board of Management in 2023. No loans were issued to 
members of the Board of Management. 
Wereldhave pay ratio 
Wereldhave’s internal pay ratio is calculated as the total 
compensation of each of the members of the Board of 
Management, divided by the average employee 
compensation. 
• Total compensation of the members of the Board of 
Management as disclosed in note 38 Related parties 
to the consolidated financial statements; 
• Average employee compensation based on salaries 
and social security contributions and pension costs 
and average FTE as disclosed in note 28 General costs 
to the consolidated financial statements, adjusted for 
the compensation of the Board of Management. 
Over the past five years, the internal pay ratio development 
was as shown in the table below. The remuneration levels 
in the years with changes in the board composition show 
the annualized compensation of the new jobholder. 
Total  remuneration1  
(x € 1.000) 
Average  employee pay2  
(x € 1.000) Pay ratio Direct result (in €m) Indirect result (in €m) 
Y ear CEO CFO CEO CFO 
2019 778 567 98 7.9 5.8 128.6 -447.5 
2020 1,186 864 101 11.7 8.6 92.9 -287.1 
2021 1,321 965 100 13.2 9.7 88.5 -301.8 
2022 1,402 1,027 120 11.7 8.6 79.8 -3.8 
2023 1,775 1,326 119 14.9 11.1 84.2  5.1 
1 Total compensation of the members of the Board of Management as disclosed in note 38 related parties to the consolidated financial statements. 
2 Average employee compensation based on salaries and social security contributions, pension costs and other employee costs and average FTE (excluding Board of Management) as disclosed in note 28 general costs to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board 
In line with the 2020 remuneration policy, the remuneration 
of the Supervisory Board amounted in 2023 to € 71,572 for 
the Chairman, € 52,486 for the Vice Chairman and € 47,715 
for members. The committee remuneration levels are a 
fixed remuneration of € 11,332 for the Audit Committee 
chair and € 8,350 for committee members; the Chair of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee received a fixed 
compensation of € 9,543 and committee members € 6,243 
per annum. 
Remuneration amounts are subject to indexation annually 
with the Dutch Consumer Price index (Eurostat) over the 
period between 31 October of the current year and the 
previous year. The Company has not awarded any options 
or shares to members of the Supervisory Board. 
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board members is not 
affected by the Company’s results, or by any change of 
control at the Company. No loans were issued to members 
of the Supervisory Board. The indexation for 2023 came out 
at 14.3%, but was voluntarily capped at 11%. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
83
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 85:
Over the past five years, the individual members of the 
Supervisory Board received the following remuneration: 
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 
F. Dechesne (from 1 July 2019) 82 60 57 52 27 
H. Brand (from 22 April 2017) 69 57 56 53 48 
W. Bontes (from 21 April 2023) 42 - - - - 
A. Nühn (from 22 April 2017 till 15 December 2022) - 68 68 66 65 
G. van de Weerdhof (from 22 April 2016 until 24 April 2020) - - - 17 49 
L. Geirnaerdt (from 22 April 2016 until 30 June 2019) - - - - 27 
H.J. van Everdingen (until 31 January 2019) - - - - 3 
Total 193 185 181 188 219 
 
Chapter 4: 
Proposal to amend the remuneration 
policy as of 2024 
Introduction 
The remuneration policy 2020 and onwards was adopted 
by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in April 
2020 with effect from 1 January 2020. In line with the Dutch 
implementation of the European Shareholder Rights 
Directive (“SRD II”), the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee has reviewed the policy. Minor amendments are 
proposed, taking into account the view of the members of 
the Board of Management of their remuneration levels and 
having consulted the Works Council of Wereldhave NV. 
This amended policy is submitted for approval at the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders of Wereldhave N.V. to 
be held on Wednesday 24 April 2024. Approval is subject 
to a 75% majority of all votes cast. 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee notes that 
the current policy was drafted in 2020 tailored to the new 
customer centric policy. This policy is still in place and about 
to enter its second phase. Over the past four years, the 
policy has resulted in a balanced variable pay, gradually 
reflecting the improvements in performance resulting from 
the new strategy. 
Wereldhave will continue to use this total (property) return 
approach. We use forward looking IRR for hold/sell 
analyses, invest in assets at densely populated areas and 
well-connected mixed-use locations, create sector and 
geographic scale to allow for an efficient service platform, 
invest in undermanaged assets that meet our strategic 
criteria and dispose of assets that do not meet the IRR 
threshold. We therefore measure our success by the total 
property return of our assets, customer satisfaction and 
footfall of our assets. These are the drivers for variable 
short term pay. The indicators are used throughout the 
organization for incentive schemes, to enhance the 
alignment of pay with performance of the strategic goals. 
This uniform approach for the incentive schemes for Board 
and employees stays the fundament for the internal support 
for our remuneration schemes. 
The Works Council has noted that the remuneration policy 
that is proposed for the period starting 1 January 2024, only 
slightly deviates from the remuneration policy 2020. The 
Works Council agrees that the rationale behind the changes 
that have been incorporated in the remuneration policy 
2020 – i.e. better alignment of the Board remuneration with 
Wereldhave’s redefined mission statement and strategy as 
well as realignment of Board of Management STI and LTI 
indicators with those that will apply for other personnel – is 
still valid for the upcoming remuneration period. The Works 
Council agrees that a continuation of the remuneration 
policy based on the same fundamentals makes sense. The 
Works Council acknowledges that the Wereldhave pay ratio 
remains modest. The Works Council believes that this 
relative position at the lower end of the range for public 
companies is a proper reflection of the composition of 
Wereldhave’s workforce in relation to the type of business it 
is engaged in. Finally, the Works Council supports the 
proposed replacement of the NPS quantitative measure in 
the STI plan by a specific ESG target. Based on the above 
considerations the Works Council has no objections against 
the proposed remuneration policy. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
84
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 86:
The remuneration policy was adopted in 2020 with a 
98.83% majority and since 2020, there have been no 
negative comments or consulting votes to the annual 
remuneration report. The changes proposed by the 
Supervisory Board relate in particular to the short-term 
incentive, in order to strengthen the alignment of ESG 
performance. Total shareholder return remains the key 
element for the long-term incentive, to focus the Board 
of Management at narrowing the discount to net asset 
value at which Wereldhave shares trade. 
The proposed amendments do not include an increase 
in pay. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
will review the fixed income levels when making new 
appointments, but does not aim for interim changes in 
running service contracts of current board members. 
The pay ratio is modest, the remuneration levels were set 
in 2020 for the current contracts, the STI and LTI indicators 
chosen are used throughout the organization. Given the 
broad investor support to the policy, the Supervisory Board 
is convinced that these proposals will also have sufficient 
support in society. 
The remuneration policy, as proposed by the Remuneration 
and Nomination Committee, was adopted by the 
Supervisory Board and is set out below in three parts. 
The first part contains an explanation to the proposal to 
amend the Board of Management remuneration policy 
including an overview of the main changes. The second 
part contains the full text of the remuneration policy. 
The third part contains the remuneration policy of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Part 1: 
Explanation to the proposal to amend the Board of 
Management remuneration policy 
It is proposed that the revised Board of Management 
remuneration policy and the related individual Board of 
Management remuneration, shall take effect from 1 January 
2024 and that all grants of shares in the Company as set 
out in the Board of Management remuneration policy will be 
approved, up to the maximum amounts that follow from the 
remuneration policy. The table below outlines the proposed 
changes to the policy compared to the current Wereldhave 
N.V. remuneration policy: 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
85
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 87:
Topic Current Proposed Explanatory note 
Reference market • Remuneration benchmarked against European peer companies. 
• Altarea-Cogedim (FR), Capital& Regional Plc (GB), Citycon (FI), Cofinimmo (BE), 
Eurocommercial Properties (NL), Gecina (FR), Hamborner (DE), Hammerson 
(GB), Hufvudstaden (SE), IGD (IT),Klépierre (FR), Leasinvest (BE), Mercialys (FR), 
NSI (NL), PSP Swiss Property (CH), Retail Estates (BE), Carmila (FR), Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield (FR) and Vastned Retail (NL). 
• This peer group serves both for assessing the remuneration levels as 
measuring relative Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) performance. 
• No changes proposed to the current peer group. As the listing of Atrium 
European Real Estate (AU) was terminated in 2021, Capital & Regional Plc (GB) 
has been designated as replacement. Deutsche Euroshop was replaced in 
2022 by Hammerson (GB) following a take-over by a private equity group 
(shares are still listed though with a very small free float). 
Fixed income • Fixed income set by the AGM at the appointment for the duration of the term, 
with annual indexation. 
• No changes are proposed. 
Short-term 
incentive “STI” 
Annual cash plan 
• Maximum amount equals ‘at budget’ 40% of fixed income, applying a sliding 
scale performance range with multiplier between 0 and 1.5 times target 
of 40% of fixed income, resulting in a maximum of 60% of fixed income. 
• Performance metrics 90% quantitative measures (50% financial, 40% 
operational) and 10% individual but measurable performance. 
• Replacing the NPS quantitative measure by a specific ESG target. For the 
year 2024 the target is to achieve more than 69% of new leases signed to 
qualify as Green Lease. 
• The Supervisory Board has the power to set an alternative ESG target, to be 
published in the remuneration report for the year prior to applying the new 
target. The target must be a quantitative ESG measure. 
• ESG performance is 
currently only an LTI 
target. The Board 
seeks to enhance 
the STI alignment 
with short term ESG 
targets. 
Long-term 
incentive “LTI” 
3-year 
performance 
share plan 
• Conditional grant of 60% (target) with maximum multiplier for relative TSR 
at 3 times the financial performance metric. 
• Performance metrics 75% financial (relative TSR) and 25% non-financial 
(GRESB score). 
• TSR vesting range starts at position 10 out of 20 positions, i.e. no vesting for 
below median performance. Maximum vesting only at a Top 3 position. 
• No changes proposed. 
Holding period 
and shareholding 
guidelines 
• A shareholding guideline for members of the Board of Management of 
2.5 times fixed income. 
• 3 year vesting and a 2 year holding period for performance shares (“3+2”). 
• Shareholding guideline: position to be built up with performance shares, 
within 5 years. 
• A shareholding guideline for members of the Board of Management 
of 2.5 times fixed income. 
• No changes proposed. 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
86
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 88:
All other policy elements and arrangements (such as 
pensions and other contract terms) remain unchanged. 
Remuneration levels 
The total direct compensation (“TDC”) for individual 
members of the Board of Management remained 
unchanged as of 1 January 2024 and is outlined in the 
table below, whereby it should be noted that the STI and 
LTI components of TDC are included at target level: 
Position 
Fixed 
income STI LTI TDC 
CEO € 641,164 40% 60% € 1,282,328 
CFO € 462,810 40% 60% € 925,620 
 
Remuneration outcome in different performance scenarios 
The Supervisory Board’s Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee considers the level of remuneration that may 
pay out in different performance scenarios as appropriate in 
the context of the performance to be delivered. The figures 
below show hypothetical values of the remuneration for 
individual members of the Board of Management under 
three assumed scenarios in the current and proposed 
remuneration policy: 
• Minimum: no pay-out of the STI, no vesting of the LTI; 
• At target: introduction of ‘at target’ for STI and LTI in 
the proposed package (assuming same share price); 
• Maximum: maximum pay-out of the STI and maximum 
vesting of the LTI (assuming same share price). 
Current package - CEO
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/six.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/eight.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/four.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
At target MaximumBase
(in € x1,000)
Fixed income STI LTI
€  641,164 
€  1,282,328 
100%
50%
20%
30%
€  1,987,608 
32%
19%
48%
 
Current package - CFO
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/six.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/eight.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/four.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
At target MaximumBase
(in € x1,000)
Fixed income STI LTI
€  462,810 
€  925,620 
20%
€  1,434,711 
100% 50%
20%
30%
32%
19%
48%
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
87
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 89:
Relative TSR performance incentive zone 
The figures below show the relative TSR performance 
multipliers for members of the Board of Management 
in the current and proposed remuneration policy. 
If the absolute TSR development is negative, the 
LTI multiplier will be capped at 100% of the initially 
granted shares plus reinvested dividends. 
Vesting per ranking position for the relative TSR performance incentive zone 
Ranking 20-11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 
Vesting 0% 75% 150% 150% 200% 200% 250% 250% 300% 300% 300% 
 
/three.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/five.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum/zero.tnum
/five.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/three.tnum/one.tnum/four.tnum/one.tnum/five.tnum/one.tnum/six.tnum/one.tnum/seven.tnum/one.tnum/eight.tnum/one.tnum/nine.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum /one.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum/one.tnum/one.tnum/zero.tnum/nine.tnum/eight.tnum/seven.tnum/six.tnum/five.tnum/four.tnum/three.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum
Ranking performance incentive zone (Vesting percentage)
Ranking positions
Relative TSR
Part 2: 
Proposal Wereldhave N.V. remuneration policy 
2024 onwards 
The goals of the remuneration policy for members of 
the Board of Management are to align individual and 
company performance, strengthen long-term commitment 
to the company, and attract, motivate and retain the best 
executive management talent, whilst creating alignment 
with stakeholders. The essential qualifications comprise not 
only knowledge and experience in the field of real estate, 
but also the prerequisite management competencies. The 
policy aims to safeguard the company’s performance and 
value growth, whilst positioning Wereldhave as an attractive 
employer for highly qualified directors. 
Remuneration philosophy 
The following elements are taken into consideration as 
part of the remuneration philosophy: 
• The remuneration policy aims to attract, motivate 
and retain the best executive management talent; 
 - As such, pay levels are benchmarked against relevant 
reference markets, taking into account the relative 
positioning of Wereldhave in terms of size and 
complexity; 
 - To support the pay for performance principle, 50% 
of the at target total direct compensation package is 
fixed compensation and 50% is conditional upon the 
achievement of performance targets; at maximum 
scores, 32% of total direct compensation package 
is fixed compensation and 68% is conditional upon 
the achievement of performance targets. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
88
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 90:
• The remuneration policy supports both short- and  
long-term business objectives (strategy), with an 
emphasis on sustainable long-term value creation. 
Wereldhave aims to continuously improve, in a 
balanced way, business results and the delivery 
on sustainability aspirations; 
 - This is amongst others realized by alignment with 
market and best- practices in terms of remuneration, 
based on the relevant European sector and the local 
cross-industry, taking into account the company’s 
identity, mission and values; 
 - Taking into account the level of support in society, 
a balanced approach is chosen. The measures in 
the incentive plans also reflect the balanced 
approach: 
 - The short-term incentive performance indicators 
are based on and aligned with the financial aspects 
of the strategic review, complemented with 
assessment of individual (non-financial) 
performance; 
 - For the long-term incentive, sustainable long-term 
value creation is measured by means of (relative) 
shareholder return, balanced by sustainability as 
measured by an independent and specialized 
institution (GRESB). To emphasize the importance 
of sustainable long-term value creation, the LTI 
comprises a relatively larger part of variable pay, 
compared to the STI; 
• The principles underlying the remuneration policies 
for the Board of Management, executives and other 
employees of Wereldhave are aligned. In this respect 
Wereldhave strives for internal consistency in 
remuneration; 
 - In establishing this policy, the Supervisory Board uses 
scenario analyses to estimate the possible outcomes 
and decides whether a correct risk incentive is set for 
the member of the Board of Management with respect 
to the overall level of pay; 
 - Furthermore, the company’s other remuneration 
programs have been taken into account, amongst 
others by ensuring consistency with the company 
salary structure (internal pay ratio and other pay 
differential approaches), the design of incentive plans 
and guidelines for salary increases for all employees; 
• The policy design takes into account statutory and 
other legal provisions, amongst others the Dutch 
implementation of the European Shareholder Rights 
Directive (“SRD II”) and the Dutch corporate 
governance code. 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee regularly 
reviews the remuneration policy in order to ensure 
alignment with the philosophy as presented above. Based 
on the advice of the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee, the Supervisory Board draws up (amendments 
to) the remuneration policy, consults major shareholders 
and puts the proposal forward for adoption at the general 
meeting of shareholders. 
The total remuneration of the Board of Management of 
Wereldhave N.V. currently consists of: 
• Fixed income; 
• Variable income; 
 - Short-term incentive (“STI”); 
 - Long-term incentive (“LTI”); 
• Pension and other secondary employment benefits. 
Labor market and performance peer group 
The remuneration levels for Board members are based on 
surveys and analyses by Korn Ferry. The Supervisory Board 
regards Wereldhave as an operational company, rather than 
a financial company, and compares market practice 
remuneration of European peer companies to individual 
benchmark remuneration. The peer group consists of: 
Altarea-Cogedim (FR), Capital& Regional Plc (GB), Citycon 
(FI), Cofinimmo (BE), Eurocommercial Properties (NL), Gecina 
(FR), Hamborner (DE), Hammerson (GB), Hufvudstaden (SE), 
IGD (IT),Klépierre (FR), Leasinvest (BE), Mercialys (FR), NSI 
(NL), PSP Swiss Property (CH), Retail Estates (BE), Carmila 
(FR), Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (FR) and Vastned Retail (NL). 
This peer group serves both for assessing the remuneration 
levels as measuring relative Total Shareholder Return 
(“TSR”) performance. Given the size of the relatively larger 
UnibailRodamco-Westfield and Klépierre, and to position 
Wereldhave around the median of the Group in terms of 
size (based on revenue, market capitalization, total assets 
and employees), these companies are excluded for 
assessing remuneration levels. To accommodate potential 
changes in the labor market and performance peer group 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
89
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 91:
due to e.g. a delisting, merger or other extraordinary 
circumstances, the Supervisory Board may exercise 
discretion to substitute comparable companies. Given the 
company’s headquarters in the Netherlands, and as a 
second reference market, the local cross-industry is taken 
into account by means of the index in which Wereldhave 
is included (currently the AScX index) corrected for size 
(based on revenue, market capitalization, total assets and 
employees). 
Fixed income 
As from 1 January 2024, fixed income per annum remains 
unchanged at € 641,164 for the CEO and € 462,810 for the 
CFO. These amounts are fixed for the appointment period, 
but will be indexed annually with the Dutch Consumer Price 
index (Eurostat) over the period between 31 October of the 
current year and the previous year, which is also applied 
for the Dutch employees. 
Variable income 
The variable income amounts to a target variable income of 
100% of the fixed annual income, of which 40% comprises a 
short-term incentive in cash and 60% comprises a long-term 
incentive in shares. 
Short-term incentive 
The short-term incentive score is determined by a financial 
target, accounting for 50% of the STI, two qualitative and 
measurable targets that are directly connected to the 
strategy, each accounting for 20% of the STI, and one 
nonfinancial (individual) target, accounting for 10% of the 
STI. The targets are taken from the revised new Company 
strategy, which are fixed for the coming remuneration policy 
period (3-4 years). The targets and weights are as follows: 
STI Targets Weight Threshold At Target Maximum 
0% score 100% score 150% score 
Total property return continued operating shopping centers¹ 50% of STI 
Return equal to MSCI retail 
 property return Benelux 
Return 0.5% above the MSCI retail 
property return Benelux 
Return 1% above the MSCI retail 
property return Benelux 
Green leases in %² 20% of STI 66.5% 69.0% 70.4% 
Average footfall increase y-o-y of continued operating shopping centers ³ 20% of STI 0% 1% 3% 
Individual target Board members 10% of STI Set annually Set annually Set annually 
1 Continued operating shopping centers exclude developments and refurbishments. The rationale is that developments and refurbishments for the transformation have a negative impact on performance, while under construction. 
2 This is the target for the year 2024. The ESG target for 2025 will be set by the Supervisory Board and will be published (ex-ante) in the remuneration report for the year 2024, and so on. 
3 The Supervisory Board is allowed to replace this indicator by an even more targeted indicator of average dwell time and basket size, when the required data collection for these measures becomes available. 
 
Total property return is a measure of the ungeared return 
for the portfolio and is calculated as the change in capital 
value, less any capital expenditure incurred, plus net 
income, expressed as a percentage of capital employed 
over the period concerned, excluding land. 
Green leases assist tenants and landlords to gradually 
reduce the environmental footprint and operating costs of 
the property. The percentage of green leases is measured 
as the total share of green leases compared to the total 
number of leases. 
Footfall is the measure of visitor numbers, counted by 
automated counters, leading to anonymized visitor 
information. It is an indicator of the competitiveness 
of a shopping center. 
Individual targets will be aligned with strategic business 
priorities in a certain year and will always be measurable. 
Disclosure will be made afterwards in the remuneration 
report for the year. 
Based on performance against these targets, a minimum 
of zero and a maximum of 1.5 times (150%) the short-term 
incentive (of 40% of the fixed annual income) can become 
payable, with pro rata pay-out for performance between 
threshold (50% of target) and maximum (150% of target). 
Long-term incentive 
The number of shares conditionally granted under the LTI is 
determined based on the closing price of the first trading 
day after the share has gone ex-dividend date, immediately 
after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the 
year in respect of which the LTI is to be granted. The vesting 
period will start on the day the conditional shares are 
granted. If a dividend is paid on Wereldhave shares, 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
90
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 92:
the conditional share balance will be increased by a number 
of conditional shares equal to the amount of the gross 
dividend divided by the ex-dividend share price. These 
additional conditional shares are subject to the same terms 
as the conditional shares that were initially awarded. 
The performance shares are conditional. Vesting, three 
years after grant, is subject to continuous employment 
and is determined by financial and non-financial targets, 
accounting for 75% and 25% of the LTI, respectively. 
The targets and weights are as follows: 
• Relative Total Shareholder Return - 75% of the LTI; 
• GRESB score - 25% of the LTI. 
After vesting, a holding period of two years applies. 
Relative Total Shareholder Return (75% of LTI) 
Total shareholder return (“TSR”) is defined as the share 
price increase, including reinvested dividends. TSR is 
measured over a three-year period based on a three-month 
average of the last three months of the year before the start 
and the end of the performance period. The performance 
period starts on 1 January of the year in respect of which the 
LTI is to be granted. Wereldhave uses the same peer group 
as for benchmarking individual remuneration. The ranking 
against the peer group determines the vesting level. At the 
end of the vesting period, a minimum of zero and a maximum 
of 3 times (300%) the number of shares conditionally 
granted, under the TSR performance condition, can become 
unconditional based on relative performance over the 
performance period. The vesting range is determined by 
threshold vesting at ranking position 10 (no vesting for 
performance below the median of the Group) and maximum 
vesting at a Top 3 ranking position. An absolute TSR hurdle 
will be applied: if TSR development is negative, the LTI 
multiplier will be capped at 100% of the originally granted 
shares plus reinvested dividends. 
We provide the example below for clarification: 
LTI 2024: 
• 60% of fixed income 2024/closing price 25 April 2024 
(ex-dividend date) 
• Grant LTI 2024: 25 April 2024 
• Performance period 1 January 2024 up to 
31 December 2026 
• Vesting period 25 April 2024 up to 25 April 2027 
• Holding period 25 April 2027 up to 25 April 2029 
GRESB score (25% of LTI) 
GRESB was launched in 2009 by a group of large pension 
funds who wanted to have access to comparable and 
reliable data on the ESG performance of their investments. 
GRESB have grown to become the leading Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) benchmark for real estate and 
infrastructure investments across the world. The GRESB 
Score is an overall measure of ESG performance – 
represented as a percentage (100 percent maximum). 
The GRESB Score gives quantitative insight into ESG 
performance in absolute terms, over time and against 
peer companies. The GRESB Green Star is a rating on 
absolute performance. Entities with scores higher than 50 on 
both the “Management & Policy” and the “Implementation & 
Measurement” dimensions are rated a “Green Star”. This is 
why the GRESB 5 star rating system is more challenging. It is 
based on the GRESB Score and its quintile position relative 
to the GRESB universe, with annual calibration of the model. 
It is calculated relative to the global performance of all 
reporting entities - property type and geography are not 
taken into account. In this way the GRESB Rating provides 
investors with insight into the differentiation of overall ESG 
performance against continuously improving peers within 
the global property sector. If certain regions systematically 
perform better, they will on average have higher-rated 
companies and funds. If the entity is placed in the top 
quintile, it will have a GRESB 5-star rating; if it is in the bottom 
quintile, it will have a GRESB 1-star rating, etc. If GRESB 
ceases to rate companies, the Supervisory Board will 
replace this indicator with an equivalent as published by an 
independent leading sector specialist, whereby the company 
must rank between the top 25% of sustainability performers 
in the sector to earn the target level. 
At vesting, a minimum of zero and a maximum of 1 time (100%) 
the number of shares conditionally granted can become 
unconditional, based on performance. This implies that a 
5-star rating is rewarded with at target reward level to 
emphasize the standard ambition level. The below vesting 
range is applicable for the GRESB target (as a percentage of 
target, i.e. 25% of the LTI, with no overachievement possibility). 
Vesting per ranking position for the relative TSR performance 
incentive zone 
GRESB star 1 2 3 4 5 
Vesting 0% 0% 50% 75% 100% 
 
Vesting 
Vested shares are transferred to the director, if the terms are 
satisfied after a performance period of three years, following 
the year in respect of which these shares were awarded. 
After vesting of LTI shares, a two-year holding period is 
applicable. The holding period and the shareholding 
guideline do not apply for the portion of the shares that have 
vested, to pay the taxes that are due upon vesting. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
91
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 93:
Malus/claw back/change of control 
If a director is summarily dismissed without further 
notice in accordance with the law or is considered to be 
a bad leaver, the conditional share balance reverts to 
the company. If the director steps down or is not reappointed 
at the end of the agreed appointment period, the scheme 
remains intact with regard to the conditional share balance. 
The awards will be pro-rated for the time served. Once the 
conditions have been met, the vested shares will be 
transferred to the director. The scheme will remain intact for 
good leavers, with due observation of the original vesting 
period of three years, but no additional holding period. 
Upon vesting, the members of the Board of Management 
pay income tax and social charges on the long-term 
variable remuneration. The Supervisory Board is authorized 
to downwards adjust the amount of a short or long term 
incentive to an appropriate level if payment of the incentive, 
based on standards of reasonableness and fairness, would 
be unacceptable. Incentive for this purpose means the 
unpaid part of the variable remuneration of which the 
granting is entirely or partially dependent on the achievement 
of certain targets or the occurrence of certain circumstances. 
The Supervisory Board is also authorized to withdraw 
conditional long-term benefits in exchange for a cash 
payment at market value, if circumstances require. 
The Supervisory Board will motivate a decision to adjust an 
incentive or to withdraw in exchange for cash appropriately. 
The Supervisory Board is authorized to claw back a short or 
long term incentive or annul a non-vested incentive entirely 
or partially to the extent that the award paid out was based 
on materially misstated information with respect to the 
achievement of targets or the occurrence of circumstances 
on which the incentive was based which was known or 
should reasonably have been known by the Board of 
Management. The Supervisory Board will motivate the 
decision to claw back the incentive appropriately. In case 
of a change in control, the awards normally vest pro-rated 
for time and subject to the performance conditions. 
Alternatively, the award may be exchanged for awards 
in the acquiring company. 
Pension 
No provision facilitating early retirement is in place. 
Members of the Board of Management are subject to the 
same pension scheme as all other Wereldhave employees 
in the Netherlands. Wereldhave has a defined contribution 
pension scheme based on a fiscal maximum ladder of 2.5% 
over the pensionable salary which is indexed annually. Due 
to previous benefits prior to their employment by Wereldhave, 
the CEO and CFO are receiving an additional gross pension 
contributions as disclosed in chapter 3. These amounts are 
subject to indexation annually with the Dutch Consumer 
Price index (Eurostat) over the period between 31 October 
of the current year and the previous year. 
Other secondary conditions, fringe benefits 
Wereldhave N.V. offers the members of its Board of 
Management a competitive package of secondary 
employment benefits in accordance with those offered to its 
other employees. This benefit package includes a company 
car or a car allowance equal to the applicable leasing price, 
accident insurance, disability insurance and director liability 
insurance. The company does not issue loans, advances 
or guarantees to the members of its Board of Management. 
Conditions of assignment 
Directors are appointed for a four-year period with a possibility 
of early termination. The severance payment is capped at 
one year’s salary with a notification period of two months for 
the director and four months for the company. The contract 
of assignment does not contain a change of control clause. 
The contracts contain a clause that requires the company 
to compensate the directors for any loss or damage in 
relation to liability claims based on acts or omissions in 
the performance of their duties. Damage to reputation is 
explicitly excluded. The indemnification does not apply to 
claims related to personal gain, advantage or rewards to 
which the director was not entitled, or if the claimed loss or 
damage was caused by gross negligence, intent, deliberate 
recklessness or serious imputability. It does include the 
costs of defense, which are advanced by the company 
under the condition that these expenses must be repaid if it 
is determined in a final judgment that the director was not 
entitled to indemnification. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
92
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 94:
Part 3: 
Proposal Supervisory Board remuneration policy 
Wereldhave does not propose any amendments to the 
remuneration policy of the Supervisory Board members. 
Wereldhave N.V. Supervisory Board remuneration policy 
The main objective of Wereldhave’s Supervisory Board 
remuneration policy is to attract and retain members of the 
Supervisory Board, taking into account the nature of the 
Company’s Business, the Supervisory Board’s activities and 
the desired expertise, experience and independence of the 
Supervisory Board members, as set out in the Profile and 
skills matrix of the Supervisory Board. The policy aims to 
reward Supervisory Board members to utilize their expertise 
and experience to the maximum extent possible, to execute 
the responsibilities assigned to them including but not 
limited to the responsibilities imposed by the Civil Code, 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code and the Articles of 
Association. To the extent applicable, the same policy 
principles are applied for the Supervisory Board as for the 
Board of Management. This implies, among others, that 
the policy takes into account the Wereldhave strategy, 
long-term interests and sustainability, identity, mission 
and values of the company. More detail is provided in the 
Board of Management remuneration policy. The Supervisory 
Board draws up the Supervisory Board remuneration policy 
based on advice from its Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee. The remuneration policy will be reviewed, 
as a minimum, once every four years to verify its market 
competitiveness, potentially leading to adjustments. In case 
of proposed adjustments, the proposed remuneration policy 
will be put forward for adoption at the General Meeting. 
On this basis, the remuneration for Supervisory Board 
members consists of a fixed fee and a committee fee, 
which varies for the Chairman, Vice Chairman and 
members, to reflect the time spent and the responsibilities 
of the role. In preparing the remuneration policy and to 
determine the remuneration of the members of the 
Supervisory Board, the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee uses surveys and analyses by internationally 
recognized firms specializing in executive compensation. 
For this purpose, the same remuneration level benchmark 
approach is applicable as for the Board of Management, 
comprising a peer group of European peer companies and 
the local cross-industry by means of the index in which 
Wereldhave is included (currently the AScX index) corrected 
for size (based on revenue, market capitalization, total 
assets and employees), taking into account the two-tier 
board structure. 
In addition, the Company reimburses reasonable actual 
incurred costs, other than travel expenses within the 
Netherlands, which are deemed to be included in the 
annual pay. These amounts will be indexed annually with 
the Dutch Consumer Price index (Eurostat) over the period 
between 31 October of the current year and the previous 
year. The proposal does not entail a change in pay against 
the policy that was adopted in April 2020. The remuneration 
of the Supervisory Board members is not affected by the 
Company’s results, nor by any change of control at the 
Company. The Company does not award any options or 
shares to members of the Supervisory Board. No loans are 
issued to members of the Supervisory Board. Wereldhave 
does not grant advance payments or guarantees to 
Supervisory Board members. No additional remuneration 
is paid upon recruiting new Supervisory Board members 
(“sign-on bonus”). The agreements with Supervisory Board 
members do not contain any severance or claw-back 
provisions. None of the Supervisory Board members holds 
shares or rights to shares in Wereldhave. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed in 
principle for a four-year term. An individual may be a 
member of the Supervisory Board for consecutive periods 
up to eight years. The Supervisory Board member may then 
– in view of extraordinary circumstances - only be reappointed 
for a period of two years, but such reappointment proposal 
needs to state the reasons for the exception to the general 
8-year rule. The Supervisory Board remuneration policy 
has been prepared to be well aligned with the external 
environment in which the company operates as well as 
with all applicable rules, regulations and best practices. 
Wereldhave is aware of the public debate surrounding the 
topic of remuneration, including the debate on internal pay 
differentials, and strives for broad stakeholder support. 
In this light, it has conducted a series of discussions with 
shareholders/ institutional investors and has invited the 
Works Council in the Netherlands to provide feedback. 
2024 Remuneration 
(in €) 
Fixed fee 
Chairman 71,573 
Vice-Chairman 52,487 
Members 47,715 
Audit Committee fee 
Chair 11,332 
Member 8,350 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee fee 
Chair 9,543 
Member 6,243 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
93
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 95:
The design of the Company’s internal risk management and 
control systems has been described in the chapter Risk 
Management above. The objective of these systems is to 
manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve 
business objectives and the risk of material errors to the 
financial reporting. Accordingly, these systems can only 
provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against 
material losses or material errors. 
The Board of Management reviewed and analyzed the main 
strategic, operational, financial & reporting, and compliance 
risks to which Wereldhave is exposed, and assessed the 
design and operating effectiveness of the Wereldhave 
risk management & control system. The outcome of this 
assessment was shared with the Audit Committee and the 
Supervisory Board, and was discussed with our internal 
and external auditor. 
As required by provision I.4.3 of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code and section 5:25c(2)(c) of the Dutch Act 
on financial supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht) 
and on the basis of the foregoing and the explanations 
contained in Risk Management, the Board of Management 
confirms that to its knowledge 
• the report provides sufficient insights into any failings in 
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and 
control systems; 
• the aforementioned systems provide reasonable 
assurance that the financial reporting does not contain 
any material inaccuracies; 
• based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the 
financial reporting is prepared on a going concern basis; 
and 
• the report states those material risks and uncertainties 
that are relevant to the expectation of the company’s 
continuity for the period of twelve months after the 
preparation of the report. 
• the financial statements for 2023 provide, in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU and with Part 9 of Book 
2 of the Dutch Civil Code, a true and fair view of the 
consolidated assets, liabilities and financial position as 
at 31 December 2023, and of the 2023 consolidated 
income statement and cash flows of Wereldhave N.V.; 
• the Annual Report provides a true and fair view of the 
situation as at 31 December 2023, and the state of 
affairs during the financial year 2023, together with 
a description of the main risks faced by the Group. 
Amsterdam, 13 March 2024 
Matthijs Storm, 
CEO 
Dennis de Vreede, 
CFO 
Statement by the Board of Management 
The Company has identified the main risks it faces, including financial reporting risks. These risks can be found in the chapter Risk 
management and internal controls above. In line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and the Dutch Act on financial supervision 
(Wet op het financieel toezicht), the Company has not provided an exhaustive list of all possible risks. Furthermore, developments that 
are currently unknown to the Board of Management or considered to be unlikely may change the future risk profile of the Company. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
94
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Statement by the Board of Management

Page 96:
Direct result 
The direct result consists of net rental income, general 
costs, other gains and losses (other than exchange rate 
differences and non-recurring project related costs) minus, 
financial income and expense (other than the interest addition 
to the real value of the conversion rights of convertible bonds, 
premiums paid on interest-bearing debt) and tax charges 
on the direct result. Reference is made to ‘Direct & Indirect’ 
result, page 27. 
Direct result per share 
Direct result per share is calculated by dividing Direct result 
attributable to owners of the Group (excluding minority 
interest), refer to ‘Direct & Indirect’ result (page 27) by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements 
in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding 
treasury shares (refer to page 154). 
Direct result attributable to owners of € 69.7m divided by 
the average number of shares of 40.3m results in € 1.73 
direct result per share. 
EPRA earnings 
EPRA earnings measures operational performance 
excluding all components not relevant to the underlying net 
income performance of the portfolio, such as the change in 
value of the underlying investments and any gains or losses 
from the sales of properties. Reference is made to the EPRA 
tables on page 104. 
EPRA earnings per share 
EPRA earnings per share is calculated by dividing EPRA 
earnings by the weighted average number of ordinary 
shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for 
bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year 
and excluding treasury shares. Reference is made to the 
EPRA tables on page 104. 
EPRA cost ratio 
The calculation of the cost ratio is based on total operating 
cost divided by gross rental income. Reference is made to 
the EPRA tables on page 104. 
EPRA NIY 
Annualized rental income based on cash rents passing at 
the balance sheet date, less non-recoverable property 
operating expenses, divided by the market value of the 
property, including estimated purchasers’ cost (EPRA Net 
Initial Yield = (Annualized rent passing + other income + 
turnover rent -/- property expenses) / Gross Property Value). 
Reference is made the EPRA tables on page 104 and to 
note 5 in the financial statements. 
EPRA NRV 
IFRS NAV excluding the fair value of derivatives and 
deferred tax liabilities and includes real estate transfer tax. 
IFRS NAV € 964.5m plus EPRA NRV adjustments 
€ 131.5m divided by the number of outstanding shares 
43.7m = € 25.06 per share. 
EPRA NTA 
IFRS NAV excluding intangibles, the fair value of derivatives 
and 50% of the fair value of the deferred tax liabilities. 
IFRS NAV € 964.5m minus EPRA NTA adjustments € 6.6m 
divided by the number of outstanding shares 43.7m = 
€ 21.90 per share. 
Alternative performance measures 
We judge and explain our performance using certain alternative performance measures. These alternative performance measures 
are not defined under IFRS, but they are consistent with how the real estate sector measures financial performance. Wereldhave 
considers the following metrics to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
95
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance
Alternative performance measures

Page 97:
EPRA NDV 
IFRS NAV including the fair values of financial debt. IFRS 
NAV € 964.5 plus EPRA NDV adjustments € 20.5m divided 
by the number of outstanding shares 43.7m = € 22.52 per 
share. 
Footfall 
Number of visitors in our shopping centers. 
Indirect result 
The indirect result consists out of the fair value movements 
of investment properties, the impact of ineffectiveness on 
hedges, exchange rate differences that are accounted 
for under other financial income and expense, the interest 
addition to leasehold obligations, the movement in deferred 
tax liabilities, non-recurring project-related costs and 
actuarial gains and losses on employee benefit plans. 
Reference is made to page 27. 
Interest coverage ratio 
The interest coverage ratio is the ratio of the interest charge 
in the direct result and the net rental income. The calculation 
is as follows: Net Rental Income of € 126.4m divided by 
external interest expenses of € 27.6 gives an interest 
coverage ratio of 4.6x. The external interest is part of 
the net interest costs of € 31.0m as presented in note 30 
in the financial statements. 
Net debt 
Net debt is the sum of the non-current and current 
interest bearing liabilities of € 941.4m less cash 
and cash equivalents of € 25.5m gives € 915.8m. 
Net debt for LTV 
Net debt for LTV is the sum of the non-current and current 
interest-bearing liabilities of € 941.4m less cash and cash 
equivalents of € 25.5m and the effect of the hedged foreign 
currency movements of the debt of € 2.5m which totals 
€ 918.3m. 
Net LTV 
Net Loan-to-value (LTV) is the ratio of net debt for LTV to the 
aggregate value of investment property including assets 
held for sale as well as property leased out under finance 
lease less the present value of future ground rent payments. 
Net debt for LTV amounts to € 918.3m divided by € 2,150.5m 
= 42.7%. Reference is made to note 5, 8 and 17 in the 
financial statements. 
EPRA LTV 
The calculation of the EPRA loan-to-value (LTV) is based 
on net debt divided by net assets as defined by EPRA and 
based on a proportional consolidation of non-controlling 
interests. Reference is made to the EPRA tables on page 104. 
Net promoter score (NPS) 
The NPS sore is calculated as the 1-year moving average 
NPS score, measured over the entire portfolio of continued 
operating shopping centers. Continued operating shopping 
centers exclude developments and refurbishments. 
(EPRA) occupancy 
The (EPRA) Occupancy rate is the estimated rental value of 
let units as a percentage of the total estimated rental value of 
the portfolio, excluding development properties. It includes 
accommodation, under offer, subject to asset management 
(where they have been taken back for refurbishment and are 
not available to let as at the balance sheet date) or occupied 
by the Group. Reference is made to the table on page 31 
and note 5 in the financial statements. EPRA Occupancy = 
100% minus EPRA Vacancy rate (EPRA tables). 
Solvency 
Solvency Ratio means the ratio of: “Total equity” (less 
“Intangible Assets” (if any)) and “Provision for Deferred Tax 
Liabilities”; to “Balance Sheet Total” (less “Intangible Assets”). 
Reference is made to note 17 in the financial statements. 
Total equity of € 1,199.2m minus Intangible assets of € 0.2m 
divided by balance sheet total € 2.277.5m minus Intangible 
assets of € 0.2m gives a solvency of 52.7%. 
Tenant satisfaction 
The Tenant Satisfaction score is measure through 
tenant surveys. 
Total property return 
Total property return is a measure of the ungeared return 
for the portfolio and is calculated as the change in capital 
value, less any capital expenditure incurred, plus net 
income, expressed as a percentage of capital employed 
over the period concerned, excluding land. 
Total shareholder return 
Total shareholder return (“TSR”) is defined as the share 
price increase, including reinvested dividends. TSR is 
measured over a three-year period based on a three-month 
average of the last three months of the year before the start 
and the end of the performance period. The performance 
period starts on 1 January of the year in respect of which the 
LTI is to be granted. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
96
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction Governance


Page 98:
Basis of preparation 98
Qualifying notes ESG reporting 99
Materiality 101
Property portfolio 102
EPRA performance measures 104
Five-year performance tables 111
Share performance 112
Additional information 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
97
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Additional information

Page 99:
Basis of preparation 
Wereldhave aims to provide a balanced overview of the 
Company’s operations, strategy and performance, as well 
as its approach to long-term value creation. This is an 
integrated report, prepared in accordance with standards 
published by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the 
International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC). The report 
focuses on the operational, financial and sustainability 
performance for the financial year 2023 of Wereldhave N.V. 
and its subsidiaries. The purpose of the Annual Report is 
to describe the group’s ability to create value over time for 
stakeholders and society. Our new strategy focuses on how 
to create value in a retail landscape that is scattered with 
shop closures. This report highlights the themes that are 
central in our strategy. 
The consolidated financial statements of Wereldhave N.V. 
have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the 
European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code. The accounting policies are set out 
in Note 3 to the Financial statements. The consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared on a going 
concern basis, applying a historical cost convention, except 
for the measurement of investment property and derivative 
financial instruments that have been measured at fair value. 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in 
conformity with EU-IFRS requires the use of certain critical 
accounting estimates. It also requires management to 
exercise its judgement in the process of applying the 
Group’s accounting policies. Changes in assumptions may 
have a significant impact on the consolidated financial 
statements in the period the assumptions changed. 
Management believes that the underlying assumptions are 
appropriate. 
Wereldhave had its energy, carbon, water and waste data 
verified by Lucideon. Wereldhave did not seek external 
assurance for other non-financial information in this report. 
Risks are assessed in accordance with Wereldhave’s new 
overall risk management approach. The financial data in 
this report are based on the consolidated internal reporting 
from Wereldhave’s entities in the Netherlands, Belgium 
and France. The non-financial data is collected centrally. 
The production of this report is overseen by a dedicated 
project team, with contributors from Finance, Corporate 
Development, Investor Relations, Customer Experience, 
Digital Transformation and Corporate Social Responsibility. 
The report is reviewed and approved by the Board of 
Management. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
98
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Basis of preparation

Page 100:
Qualifying notes ESG reporting 
We use the operational control approach for our sustainability 
reporting. All energy, carbon, water and waste data 
reported are consolidated on a 12-month rolling period 
rather than on the financial year. This means the fourth 
quarter of 2022 and the first three quarters for 2023 are 
reported on. The same methodology is applicable for 2022 
and 2021. Based on these reporting boundaries, we report 
against two portfolio definitions: 
Absolute: The absolute portfolio includes all properties 
where Wereldhave has operational control, where we 
purchase energy, water or waste services. In 2022/23, 
88% of the total portfolio GLA was within our reporting 
boundaries, and therefore included in the absolute portfolio 
disclosures. For 2023 the absolute data disclosed for 
all energy and greenhouse gas emissions performance 
indicators is for 29 out of 34 retail properties1 as reported 
in this Annual Report. The data disclosed for water 
consumption refers to 28 out of 34 properties and waste 
figures refer to 28 out of 34 properties. For the Belgian 
offices, we disclose on all assets. 
Like-for-like: The like-for-like includes all properties which 
have been in the portfolio for at least 12 months prior to the 
reporting period, but excluding those which were acquired, 
divested or under significant (re)development. In 2022/23, for 
the like-for-like figures, 31 out of 34 retail assets are included. 
1 On object level. 
Energy and carbon emissions 
We report on all energy procured by Wereldhave, including 
that submetered to tenants, and the emissions associated 
with this energy, which is reported separately. Only gas or 
electricity which is supplied directly to units/demises by 
utility suppliers is excluded. Energy data is reported as 
is and not normalized for degree day correction. District 
heating and gas consumption are adjusted for comparison 
on one metric: kWh electricity equivalent. All Dutch sites 
have smart meters in place to monitor energy consumption. 
Emission factors for the Netherlands are primarily based 
upon the CO2emissiefactoren.nl, Belgium and France are 
based upon the environmental database of Ecoinvent for 
electricity and gas consumption. District heating is based 
on the Ecoinvent database for the Belgium and France sites 
and for the Dutch sites on Eneco’s, HVC’s and Vattenfall’s 
“warmte-etiket”. In order to report on comparable data, 
we have aligned all historic emissions data based on these 
updated emissions factors. The emission factors are 
selected for specific years of reporting, enabling us to 
report as accurate data as possible. 
Belgium offices energy data 
Due to additional data obtained related to electricity procured 
by Wereldhave for our office portfolio in Belgium, we were 
able to provide a more accurate level of reporting. This 
involves the split between shared services and tenant areas. 
This slightly impacts absolute and like-for-like figures and 
comparability with last year’s annual report. In the 2023 report 
all numbers have been updated for future reporting purposes. 
Carbon flow analysis diagram 2023 
In line with the GHG Protocol, leased cars data was 
allocated to either scope 1: Mobile Combustion (in case 
of fuel-powered vehicles) or scope 2: Purchased electricity 
(in case of electric vehicles) in the 2018,2021 and 2023 
assessment. This shifts some emissions previously 
categorized as scope 1 to scope 2. For the calculation of 
emissions in scope 3, category 1 (purchased goods and 
services) and 2 (capital goods), procurement data on goods, 
services and capital goods is matched to product categories 
from an environmental input-output database (Exiobase 
input output tables). Sector-specific emission factors from 
economic input-output tables can then be used to calculate 
GHG emissions for procurement activity data in euros. All 
three years (2018,2021 and 2023) have been re-calculated, 
in order to follow the same methodology. 
Water and waste 
Waste data is collected for properties where we directly 
contract waste management services. No estimates have 
been made for properties in Belgium, the Netherlands and 
France except from 2 assets in Tilburg. Waste and water 
data is not normalized. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
99
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Qualifying notes ESG reporting

Page 101:
Intensity 
Intensity figures are calculated using ‘total landlord obtained 
data’ as numerator and ‘total asset size’ as denominator. The 
reported floor area corresponds to the area served by the 
energy procured and its associated carbon emissions, and 
includes common areas, management offices and GLA, but 
excludes parking garages. Wereldhave acknowledges that 
the intensity indicator may be affected due to a mismatch 
between numerator and denominator, as recommended in 
the EPRA sustainability best practice recommendations. 
Employee salary by gender 
In the calculations of the diversity of pay, we have recalculated 
the ratio of base salary and remuneration of women to men 
by employee category for 2022. Therefore, these numbers 
differ slightly from numbers disclosed in the previous 
annual report. 
Verification 
Lucideon CICS independently verified Wereldhave’s 
reported Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, and water and 
waste consumption data pursuant to ISO 14064-3 
(the international standard for verification of greenhouse 
gas inventories). More information is available as part 
of our annual CDP submission.  
 
Reporting guideline reference tables 
Wereldhave aims to report in line with multiple sustainability-
related reporting guidelines, i.e. EPRA’s Sustainability 
performance measures, the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards and the Principles of the Integrated Reporting (IR) 
framework. The specific information requested by these 
guidelines is reported in this Integrated Annual Report. 
Wereldhave has published reference tables for each of 
the guidelines (EPRA, GRI and IR) on  
https://www.wereldhave.com/portfolio-strategy/ 
sustainability/sustainability-reports/. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
100
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 102:
Materiality 
Wereldhave has used the materiality assessment as a tool for mapping the most 
important topics for disclosure and reporting. We periodically update the materiality 
matrix - which displays the most relevant topics for our organization and portfolio - 
with an internal group composed of senior management, subject-matter experts 
and the Board of Directors. The matrix plots the relevance and importance of topics 
for both stakeholders and on the value creation for the company. The materiality 
matrix as displayed below is relevant for the reporting year 2023. 
Prepared for double materiality 
In 2023, Wereldhave conducted a double materiality assessment aiming to guide our 
reporting to the reporting year 2024 and onwards. This enables us to better understand 
our material topics as to whether they have an impact or environmental perspective, 
a financial perspective, or both, in line with upcoming EU legislation (i.e. CSRD). 
Because of significant changes in the methodology and outcomes, we have decided 
to now present the identified topics in this annual report, preparing our stakeholders 
for next year’s reporting. The results of this assessment are shown on page 16. 
Material topic Explanation Most relevant to 
Economic & Governance 
1  Financial performance 
2  Strong balance sheet 
3  Occupancy 
4  Cost efficiency 
5  Risk management 
6  Corporate governance 
7  Business ethics 
8  Tenant satisfaction 
9  Tenant mix 
10  Technology & digital 
11  Protection of personal data 
12  Transparent and fair taxation 
13  Regulatory compliance 
14  Remuneration policy 
15  Stakeholder engagement 
Direct and indirect financial results of Wereldhave 
Ample liquidity and financial flexibility 
Occupancy in portfolio 
Service costs, CAPEX and general costs 
Concerning economic, social, environmental and governance risks 
Being a responsible company that follows internal codes and standards 
Proper business policies and practices regarding potentially controversial issues 
Further optimize the satisfaction and experience of customers 
Convert Shopping Centers to Full Service Centers 
Implement technology and digital best practices 
Privacy, GDPR 
Paying fair share of taxes 
Compliance with laws and regulations 
Remuneration of the Board 
Dialogue with stakeholders 
investors, employees 
investors, employees 
tenants, investors 
tenants, investors 
investors 
investors, employees 
investors, employees 
tenants 
visitors, tenants, investors 
visitors, tenants 
visitors, tenants 
municipalities, governments, investors 
governments, investors 
investors 
investors, tenants 
Environmental Responsibility 
1  Carbon emissions 
2  Sustainable buildings 
3  Transportation  
4  Sustainable (re-)development 
5  Energy efficiency 
6  Green spaces / biodiversity  
 
7  Renewable energy 
8  Certification and labelling 
Minimize the environmental impact by reducing the carbon emissions of assets 
Manage climate change risks by having sustainable buildings 
Optimize the accessibility of the assets and provide sustainable transportation  
(by foot, electric cars, bikes and public transport) 
Implement sustainable best practices and technologies during renovation projects 
Reduce energy consumption of assets 
Increase green areas on and around our centers with ecological value 
and customer experience 
Producing and procuring renewable energy 
BREEAM 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
visitors, communities 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
tenants 
communities 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
Social Responsibility 
1  Health & well-being 
2  Local social impact 
3  Talent attraction 
4  Accessibility 
5  Employee satisfaction 
6  Challenging & open culture 
7  Diversity & equal opportunity 
8  Human rights 
9  Compensation and benefits 
Provide a healthy and safe environment for customers, tenants and suppliers 
Contribute positively to the local communities 
Attract and develop talents amongst employees 
Increase the accessibility of the assets for all customers 
Retain committed and engaged employees 
Give employees a culture where they can be the best version of themselves 
Provide equal opportunities and an inclusive environment for employees 
Respect for human rights for suppliers and procurement 
Employee compensation 
visitors 
visitors, communities 
employees 
visitors, tenants 
employees 
employees 
employees 
investors, governments, NGO’s 
employees 
 
Impact on Wereldhave’s value creation Importance for our stakeholders Medium 
Medium 
High 
High 
7 
2 
5 
1 
3 
6 
4 
8 
1 2 
3 
8 
9 
4 
12 
14 
15 
13 
7 
10 
11 
5 
6 
8 
9 
1 
2 
12 
6 3 
4 
7 
5 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
101
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Materiality

Page 103:
Property portfolio 
The Netherlands 
Shopping Centers 
Lettable area 
(m2) 
Parking spaces 
Owned 
Parking spaces 
Total 
Y ear of 
 acquisition 
Y ear of 
construction/ 
renovation 
Annual  
theoretical 
rent (x € 1m) Visitors (m) 
Presikhaaf, Arnhem 32,397 - 1,244 2015 2018-2020 5.3 4.6 
Kronenburg, Arnhem 40,302 1,300 1,300 1988 2015 10.0 5.0 
De Koperwiek, Capelle aan den IJssel 30,827 270 900 2010-2014 2017-2023 8.0 5.7 
Sterrenburg, Dordrecht 17,531 526 611 2015 1993, 2023 4.3 4.1 
Middenwaard, Heerhugowaard 35,781 1,345 1,850 2015 2011, 2018 8.9 6.3 
Vier Meren, Hoofddorp 32,257 819 2,526 2014 2022-2023 7.8 5.3 
Winkelhof, Leiderdorp 19,345 857 857 1993 1999, 2020 5.2 3.9 
Cityplaza, Nieuwegein 50,691 783 1,994 2015 2012 13.0 6.1 
Eggert, Purmerend 20,893 274 274 2010 2015-2017 5.0 4.1 
Roselaar, Roosendaal 20,878 - 1,312 2010-2014 2015-2016 5.1 3.9 
Emmapassage, Tilburg 27,309 - 300 2015 2020-2022 4.3 3.5 
Pieter Vreedeplein, Tilburg 22,317 - 780 2015 2008 3.4 6.3 
Polderplein, Hoofddorp 17,019 417 417- 2023 1992 5.8 7.7 
Total 367,547 6,591 14,365  86.1 66.6 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
102
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Property portfolio

Page 104:
Belgium 
Shopping Centers 
Lettable area 
(m2) 
Parking spaces 
Owned 
Parking spaces 
Total 
Y ear of 
acquisition 
Y ear of 
construction/ 
renovation 
Annual 
theoretical 
rent (x € 1m) Visitors (m) 
Ring Kortrijk, Courtrai 32,803 2,000 2,000 2014 2005, 2022 8.8 3.6 
Shopping 1, Genk 22,103 1,250 1,250 2010 2014 4.9 4.6 
Stadsplein, Genk 15,549 44 44 2012 2008 2.8 n.a. 
Belle-Île, Liège 30,463 1,641 1,641 1994 2020 12.6 3.8 
Nivelles-Shopping, Nivelles 28,143 1,500 1,500 1984 2012 10.6 3.3 
Les Bastions Retailpark, Tournai 10,348 360 360 2016 2016 1.3 n.a. 
Les Bastions Shopping, Tournai 34,882 1,450 1,450 1988 2018 10.2 4.4 
Waterloo, Waterloo 3,522  - 95 2010 1968 0.9 n.a. 
Turnhout Retailpark, Turnhout 19,804 765 765 2018 1970 2.6 n.a. 
Bruges Retailpark, Bruges 20,806 650 650 2018 1970 2.9 n.a. 
Sub total 218,423 9,660 9,755 57.7  19.7 
Offices 
 The Sage, Antwerp 39,808 764 764 1999 2021 6.2 n.a. 
 The Sage, Vilvoorde 22,918 637 637 1998 1999, 2022 3.4 n.a. 
Sub total 62,726 9.6 - 
Total 281,149 67.2  19.7 
 
France 
Shopping Centers 
Lettable area 
(m2) 
Parking  spaces 
Owned 
Parking spaces 
Total 
Y ear of 
 acquisition 
Y ear of 
construction/ 
renovation 
Annual  
theoretical 
rent (x € 1m) Visitors (m) 
Côté Seine, Argenteuil 20,207 - 1,350 2014 2010 6.1 5.2 
Mériadeck, Bordeaux 24,721 - 1,300 2014 2008 6.8 6.4 
Total 44,928 12.9  11.5 
Overall 693,624 166.3  97.8 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
103
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 105:
EPRA performance measures 
The EPRA Best Practices Recommendations published on February 2022 by EPRA’s Reporting 
and Accounting Committee contain recommendations for the determination of 
key performance indicators of the investment property portfolio. The EPRA Best Practices 
Recommendations enable standardization, transparency and comparability of listed real estate 
companies across Europe. 
Summary of EPRA performance measures 
2023 2022 2023 2022 
Page (€ /share) (€ /share) 
1. EPRA Earnings (in €m) 104 62.0 56.3 1.54 1.41 
2. EPRA NAV Metrics 105 
EPRA Net Reinstatement Value (in €m) 1,096.0 969.4 25.06 24.15 
EPRA Net Tangible Assets (in €m) 957.8 870.1 21.90 21.68 
EPRA Net Disposal Value (in €m) 985.0 926.2 22.52 23.07 
3. EPRA Net Initial Yield 106 
EPRA Net Initial Yield 6.3% 6.4% 
EPRA 'Topped-up' Net Initial Yield 6.4% 6.6% 
4. EPRA Vacancy Rate 106 4.2% 4.2% 
5. EPRA Cost Ratio 107 
EPRA Cost Ratio including direct 
vacancy costs 29.4% 30.4% 
EPRA Cost Ratio excluding direct 
vacancy costs 26.9% 28.4% 
6. EPRA LTV 108 47.9% 
7. Investment Property Reporting 109 
 
1. EPRA earnings 
(in €m unless otherwise stated) 2023 2022 
Earnings per IFRS income statement 89.3 76.0 
Adjustments to calculate EPRA earnings, exclude: 
(i)  Changes in value of investment properties, development 
properties held for investment and other interests -17.5 4.1 
(ii)  Profits or losses on disposal of investment properties, 
development properties held for investment and other interests 0.1 4.5 
(iii)  Profits or losses on sales of trading properties including 
impairment charges in respect of trading properties. - - 
(iv)  Tax on profits or losses on disposals - - 
(v)  Negative goodwill / goodwill impairment - - 
(vi)  Changes in fair value of financial instruments and 
 associated close-out costs 3.8 -13.7 
(vii)  Acquisition costs on share deals and non-controlling 
joint venture interests - - 
(viii)  Deferred tax in respect of EPRA adjustments - 0.0 
(ix)  Adjustments (i) to (viii) above in respect of joint ventures 
(unless already included under proportional consolidation) - - 
(x)  Non-controlling interests in respect of the above -13.8 -14.6 
EPRA Earnings 62.0 56.3 
Weighted average number of shares outstanding during period 40,320,434 40,071,882 
EPRA Earnings per share (in €) 1.54 1.41 
Company specific adjustments: 
(a)  Non-current operating expenses 8.2 8.9 
(b)  Non-controlling interests in respect of the above -0.7 - 
Direct Result 69.6 65.2 
Direct Result per share (in €) 1.73 1.63 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
104
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
EPRA performance measures

Page 106:
2. EPRA NAV measures 
(in €m unless otherwise stated) 31 December 2023 31 December 2023 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2022 31 December 2022 
EPRA NRV EPRA NTA EPRA NDV EPRA NRV EPRA NTA EPRA NDV 
IFRS Equity attributable to shareholders 964.5 964.5 964.5 885.7 885.7 885.7 
Include/exclude - - - - - - 
Hybrid instruments - - - - - - 
Diluted NAV 964.5 964.5 964.5 885.7 885.7 885.7 
Include: 
ii.a) Revaluation of IP (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - - - - - 
ii.b) Revaluation of IPUC (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - - - - - 
ii.c) Revaluation of other non-current investments - - - - - - 
iii) Revaluation of tenant leases held as finance leases - - - - - - 
iv) Revaluation of trading properties - - - - - - 
Diluted NAV at Fair Value 964.5 964.5 964.5 885.7 885.7 885.7 
Exclude: 
v) Deferred tax in relation to the fair value gains of IP - - - - - - 
vi) Fair value of financial instruments -6.5 -6.5 - -15.2 -15.2 - 
vii) Goodwill as a result of deferred tax - - - - - - 
vii.a) Goodwill as per the IFRS balance sheet - - - - - - 
vii.b) Intangibles per the IFRS balance sheet - -0.2 - - -0.4 - 
Include: - - - - - - 
viii) Fair value of fixed interest rate debt - - 20.5 - 40.5 
ix) Revaluation of intangibles to fair value - - - - - - 
x) Real estate transfer tax 138.0 - - 98.9 - 
NAV 1,096.0 957.8 985.0 969.4 870.1 926.2 
Fully diluted number of shares 43,730,450 43,730,450 43,730,450 40,143,014 40,143,014 40,143,014 
NAV per share (in €) 25.06 21.90 22.52 24.15 21.68 23.07 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
105
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 107:
3. EPRA Net Initial Yield and ‘Topped-up’ Initial Yield 
(in €m) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 
Fair value investment properties determined by external 
appraisers 2,132.7 1,970.5 
Less developments and parkings -28.4 -29.4 
Completed property portfolio 2,104.3 1,941.1 
Allowance for estimated purchasers' costs 137.7 102.9 
Gross up completed property portfolio valuation (A) 2,242.1 2,044.0 
Annualized cash passing rental income 155.0 143.4 
Property outgoings -13.4 -12.1 
Annualized net rents (B) 141.5 131.3 
Add notional rent expiration of rent free periods or other lease 
incentives 2.2 2.7 
Topped-up net annualized rent (C) 143.7 134.0 
EPRA Net Initial Yield (B/A) 6.3% 6.4% 
EPRA 'topped-up' Net Initial Yield (C/A) 6.4% 6.6% 
 
4. EPRA Vacancy Rate 
The EPRA vacancy rate kept constant at 4.2% over 2023. 
2023 
(in €m) 
Gross 
rental 
income 
Net 
rental 
income 
Surface 
owned¹ 
Annualized 
gross rent¹ ² 
Annual 
theoretical 
rent¹ ² 
Estimated 
rental 
value of 
vacant 
space¹ ² 
Estimated 
rental 
value¹ ² 
EPRA 
vacancy 
rate 
Belgium 70.2 55.3 277.6 64.0 67.2 2.4  60.8 3.9% 
France 10.9 8.1 44.9 11.5 12.9 0.4  12.5 3.4% 
Netherlands 76.8 63.0 367.5 80.5 86.1 3.7  82.1 4.5% 
Total portfolio 158.0 126.4 690.1 156.0 166.3 6.5 155.4 4.2% 
1 Excluding developments. 
2 Excluding parking income. 
 
2022 
(in €m) 
Gross 
rental 
income 
Net 
rental 
income 
Surface 
owned¹ 
Annualized 
gross rent¹ ² 
Annual 
theoretical 
rent¹ ² 
Estimated 
rental 
value of 
vacant 
space¹ ² 
Estimated 
rental 
value¹ ² 
EPRA 
vacancy 
rate 
Belgium 62.0 53.0 284.7 61.5 64.8 2.9 59.9 4.8% 
France 10.4 6.7 43.9 11.3 12.7 0.4 12.0 2.9% 
Netherlands 68.6 55.5 345.8 72.9 77.2 2.7 69.7 3.9% 
Total portfolio 140.9 115.2 674.4 145.6 154.7 6.0 141.7 4.2% 
1 Excluding developments. 
2 Excluding parking income. 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
106
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 108:
5. EPRA cost ratio 
(in €m) 2023 2022 
Property expenses 23.3 18.5 
General costs 18.6 17.4 
Other income and expense 0.6 3.4 
(i) Administrative/operating expense line per IFRS income statement 42.5 39.2 
(ii) Net service charge costs / fees 8.3 7.3 
(iii) Management fees less actual/estimated profit element - - 
(iv)  Other operating income/recharges intended to cover overhead 
 expenses less any related profits -6.7 -5.3 
(v) Share of Joint Venture expenses - - 
Exclude (if part of the above): 
(vi) Investment Property depreciation - - 
(vii) Ground rent costs -0.2 -0.3 
(viii)  Service charge costs recovered through rents but not 
separately invoiced - - 
Costs (including direct vacancy costs) (A) 43.9 40.9 
(ix) Direct vacancy costs -3.7 -2.6 
Costs (excluding direct vacancy costs) (B) 40.3 38.3 
(x.a) Gross rental income less ground rent costs - per IFRS 157.8 140.6 
(x.b)  Less: Other operating income/recharges intended to cover 
overhead expenses -8.3 -5.9 
(xi)  Less: service fee and service charge costs components of Gross 
 Rental Income - - 
(xii)  Add: share of joint ventures (Gross Rental Income less ground 
rents costs) - - 
Gross Rental Income (C) 149.5 134.8 
EPRA Cost Ratio (including direct vacancy costs) (A/C) 29.4% 30.4% 
EPRA Cost Ratio (excluding direct vacancy costs) (B/C) 26.9% 28.4% 
 
Operating and general expenses directly attributable to properties under development 
are capitalized during the period that the property is unavailable for letting. For 2023 an 
amount of € 6.3m was capitalized (2022: € 5.9m). 
The costs for 2023 includes severance payments relating the organizational changes in the 
Netherlands and Belgium of € 2.2m as well as € 2.9m relating to the implementation of new 
IT systems. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
107
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 109:
6. EPRA LTV 
(in €m unless otherwise stated) 31 December 2023 31 December 2023 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2022 31 December 2022 
Group  
(as reported)1 
Non-controlling 
interests2 Combined Group (as reported) 
Non-controlling 
interests Combined 
Borrowings from Financial Institutions3 868.7 -69.0 799.7 767.4 -55.6 711.7 
Commercial Paper3 42.8 -14.5 28.3 59.8 -20.2 39.5 
Hybrids (including convertibles, preference shares, debt, options, perpetuals) - -  - - - 
Bond loans3 32.0 -10.8 21.2 32.0 -10.8 21.2 
Foreign currency derivatives (futures, swaps, options, and forwards)4 
2.5 - 2.5 -1.4  - -1.4 
Net payables5 42.0 -1.3 40.7 43.4 -4.3 39.1 
Owner-occupied property (debt) - -  - - - 
Current accounts (equity characteristic) - - - -  - - 
Exclude: Cash and cash equivalents -25.5 6.0 -19.6 -14.4 3.5 -10.8 
Net debt (a) 962.4 -89.6 872.8 886.7 -87.4 799.3 
Owner-occupied property - -  - - - 
Investment properties at fair value6 2,132.5 -319.6 1,812.9 1,948.6 -314.2 1,634.4 
Properties held for sale  -  -  - 0.7  - 0.7 
Properties under development6 14.6 -4.9 9.7 36.2 -4.8 31.3 
Intangibles 0.2 - 0.2 0.4 0.01 0.4 
Net receivables - - - - - - 
Financial assets7 0.6 -0.2 0.4 0.6 -0.2 0.4 
Total Property Value (b) 2,147.8 -324.7 1,823.1 1,986.4 -319.2 1,667.2 
EPRA Loan to Value (a/b) 44.8% 47.9% 44.6% 47.9% 
1 In both 2023 and 2022, the Group did not have shares in Joint Ventures or Material Associates. 
2 The Group’s % of non-controlling interest was 33.84% at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
3 Refer to note 21 of the financial statements. Amortized costs (2023: € 2.1m and 2022: € 2.3m) were added back to arrive at nominal value. 
4 Relates to the foreign currency portion of derivatives as included in the financial statements. 
5 Net balance of current liabilities (excluding current interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives) plus pension plan obligations and tenant deposits as disclosed in note 18 of the financial statement less current assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents and derivatives) and less 
deposits paid and other financial assets as disclosed in note 8 of the financial statements. 
6 Refer to note 5 of the financial statements. Excludes the fair value of ground rent of € 15.3m (2021: € 15.3m). 
7 Refer to loans as disclosed in note 8 of the financial statements. 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
108
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 110:
7. Investment Property Reporting 
Investment property is carried at fair value in accordance with note 3.6 of the financial 
statements. Further information on our property portfolio is disclosed on page 102 to 103. 
Information in relation to ongoing transformations is provided on page 19. 
Capital expenditure 
(in €m) 2023 2022 
Acquisitions 85.7 - 
Developments 7.6 36.0 
Investment properties 59.7 27.0 
Capitalized interest 0.6 0.8 
Total Capex 153.6 63.8 
Conversion from accrual to cash basis -50.1 -4.4 
Total Capex on cash basis 103.5 59.4 
 
Wereldhave has no interests in joint ventures. 
Investment property – lease data 
Average lease length in years¹ Annual rent (in €m) of leases expiring in 
to break to expiry Y ear 1 Y ear 2 Y ear 3-5 
Belgium  2.3  6.2 2.9 3.6 16.3 
France  2.2  4.8 1.2 0.9 2.6 
Netherlands  3.4  4.5 2.0 11.3 34.1 
Total portfolio  2.8  5.2 6.1 15.8 52.9 
1 Indefinite contracts are included for one year. 
 
Investment property – like-for-like net rental income 
(in €m) 
Fair value 
31 December 
2023 
Net rental 
income 2023 
Net rental 
income 2022 
Change  
(in €m) Change (%) 
Like-for-like 
Belgium  952.4  55.1  52.9  2.3 4.3% 
France  176.2  7.0  6.2  0.9 14.1% 
Netherlands  798.6  53.1  48.3  4.8 10.0% 
Total  1,927.2  115.3  107.3  8.0 7.4% 
Acquired  78.3  0.3  -  0.3 0.0% 
Development  156.9  10.5  7.8  2.7 33.9% 
Disposals  -  0.3  0.0  0.3 1803.4% 
Total portfolio  2,162.4  126.4  115.2  11.0 9.5% 
 
(in €m) 
Fair value 
31 December 
2022 
Net rental 
income 2022 
Net rental 
income 2021 
Change  
(in €m) Change (%) 
Like-for-like 
Belgium  949.2  52.9  46.7  6.2 13.2% 
France  175.3  6.7  6.8  -0.0 -0.7% 
Netherlands  726.8  45.7  43.3  2.4 5.6% 
Total  1,851.3  105.4  96.8  8.6 8.8% 
Acquired  -  -  -  - 0.0% 
Development  148.8  9.5  9.1  0.3 3.7% 
Disposals  -  0.3  18.7  -18.4 -98.3% 
Total portfolio  2,000.1  115.2  124.7  -9.5 -7.6% 
 
EPRA Like-for-like net rental income (NRI) growth for the total portfolio was 7.4% in 2023 (2022: 
8.8%). EPRA Like-for-like NRI growth is determined by comparing NRI growth for the part of 
the portfolio that has been consistently in operation, and not under development, during the 
two full preceding periods that are described. This is determined on a unit-by-unit basis. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
109
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 111:
Summary investment properties 
Shopping centers Offices Total 
(in €m) 
market 
value 
annual  
theoretical  
rent ¹ 
market 
value 
annual  
theoretical  
rent 
market 
value 
annual  
theoretical  
rent 
Belgium 850.5 57.7 101.9 9.6 952.4 67.3 
France 176.2 12.9 - - 176.2 12.9 
Netherlands 1,033.8 86.1 - - 1,033.8 86.1 
Total portfolio 2,060.5 156.7 101.9 9.6 2,162.4 166.3 
1 excluding parking and residential 
 
Summary of the valuation adjustments of the investment properties 
(in €m) 
market 
value 
revaluation 
in 2023 
Shopping 
centers Offices Total 
Belgium 952.4 -5.9 -0.5% -1.7% -0.6% 
France 176.2 -8.3 -4.5% - -4.5% 
Netherlands 1,033.8 31.8 3.2% - 3.2% 
Total portfolio 2,162.4 17.6 0.9% -1.7% 0.8% 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
110
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 112:
Five-year performance tables 
Result (in €m) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Net rental income¹ 171.5 133.0 124.7 115.2 126.4 
Result -318.9 -194.2 -213.3 76.0 89.3 
Direct result 128.6 92.9 88.5 79.8 84.2 
Indirect result -447.5 -287.1 -301.8 -3.8 5.1 
1 From continuing operations 
 
Net rental income geographical distribution (in %) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Belgium 31% 33% 38% 46% 44% 
France 22% 17% 18% 6% 6% 
Netherlands 47% 50% 44% 48% 50% 
Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 
 
Balance sheet (in €m) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Investment property in operation¹ 2,839.3 2,518.9 1,912.7 1,963.9 2,147.8 
Investment property under construction 67.4 58.7 26.6 36.2 14.6 
Shareholders’ equity 1,319.6 1,124.3 866.8 885.7 964.5 
Interest-bearing debt 1,335.7 1,252.8 814.9 856.8 941.4 
1 Including lease incentives. 
 
Investment portfolio sector distribution (in %) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Retail 97% 96% 95% 95% 95% 
Offices 3% 4% 5% 5% 5% 
Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 
 
Investment portfolio geographical distribution (in %) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Belgium 33% 36% 48% 47% 43% 
France 28% 27% 9% 9% 8% 
Netherlands 39% 37% 43% 44% 49% 
Total 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 
 
Acquisition of investment properties (in €m) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Belgium¹ 3 - -2 - 1 
France - - 1 - - 
Netherlands 15 0 0 - 85 
Total 18 0 -1 - 86 
1 2021 includes settlement which has been adjusted on acquisition price. 
 
Disposal of investment properties (in €m) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
Belgium - 8 - - 7 
France - 11 507 - - 
Netherlands 13 85 105 1 2 
Total 13 104 612 1 9 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
111
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Five-year performance tables

Page 113:
Share performance 
 
Wereldhave 2023 share price & trading volume
(in €) (daily volume in shares (x 1,000)
/seven.tnum/five.tnum/zero.tnum
/three.tnum/seven.tnum/five.tnum
/zero.tnum
Jan Dec
Share price Trading volume 
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
Three-year share price development 
vs EPRA index
(in €)
January ’/two.tnum/one.tnum December ’/two.tnum/three.tnum
Wereldhave EPRA index
/five.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/five.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
IFRS Net asset value versus share price
(at 31 December in €)
/five.tnum/zero.tnum
/four.tnum/zero.tnum
/three.tnum/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum
/one.tnum/zero.tnum
/zero.tnum
/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/three.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/one.tnum/nine.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/zero.tnum/two.tnum/one.tnum
Net asset value Share price
Share data (in €) 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
IFRS NAV 32.78 27.97 21.60 22.12 22.09 
Direct result 2.81 2.01 1.88 1.63 1.73 
Indirect result -10.98 -6.66 -7.52 -0.20 0.24 
Dividend¹ 1.89 0.50 1.10 1.16 1.20 
Pay-out 90% 25% 59% 71% 69% 
Result per share -8.17 -4.65 -5.64 1.43 1.97 
1 For 2023 the proposed dividend is shown. 
 
Number of shares 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 
At 31 December 40,270,921 40,270,921 40,270,921 40,270,921 43,876,129 
Average during the year¹ 40,251,654 40,212,448 40,146,461 40,071,882 40,320,434 
1 Excluding remuneration shares, number used to calculate basic earnings per share. 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
112
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information
Share performance

Page 114:
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
113
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Financial statementsIntroduction Additional information


Page 115:
Consolidated financial statement  115
Consolidated statement of financial position 115
Consolidated income statement 116
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 117
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 118
Consolidated cash flow statement 119
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 120
1 Reporting entity 120
2 Tax status 120
3 Accounting policies 120
4 Segment information 133
5 Investment property 135
6 Property and equipment 137
7 Intangible assets 137
8 Other financial assets 137
9 Trade and other receivables 138
10 Tax receivables 138
11 Cash and cash equivalents 138
12 Investment held for sale 138
13 Share capital 138
14 Share premium 139
15 General reserve 139
16 Other reserves 139
17 Interest-bearing liabilities 139
18 Other long-term liabilities 142
19 Tax payable 144
20 Other short-term liabilities 144
21 Financial instruments 144
22 Financial assets and liabilities 145
23 Fair value measurement 149
24 Gross rental income and service costs 150
25 Property expenses 150
26 Valuation results 150
27 Results on disposals 151
28 General costs 151
29 Other income and expenses 152
30 Net interest 152
31 Other financial income and expenses 152
32 Income tax 153
33 Summarized financial information on subsidiaries 153
34 Transactions with shareholders 154
35 Result and diluted result per share upon full conversion 154
36 Net asset value per share 155
37 Dividend 155
38 Related parties 155
39 Events after balance sheet date 156
Company financial statements 157
Company balance sheet 157
Company income statement 158
Notes to the company financial statements 159
1 General 159
2 Financial assets 160
3 Current assets 160
4 Equity 160
6 Short-term liabilities 163
7 Off-balance sheet assets and liabilities 163
8 General costs 163
9 Other income and expense 163
10 Net interest 164
11 Other financial income and expenses 164
12 Management and members of the Supervisory Board 164
13 Related parties 164
14 Contingencies 164
15 Events after balance sheet date 164
Other information 165
Auditor’s report 166
Financial statements
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
114
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Financial statements

Page 116:
Consolidated statement of financial position
at 31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Note 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Assets
Non-current assets
Investment property in operation 2,142,476 1,958,955
Lease incentives 5,340 4,949
Investment property under construction 14,595 36,166
Investment property 5 2,162,411 2,000,070
Property and equipment 6 5,455 1,650
Intangible assets 7 162 367
Derivative financial instruments 21 14,107 37,972
Other financial assets 8 6,209 2,798
Total non-current assets 2,188,344 2,042,857
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 9 49,308 34,620
Tax receivables 10 554 3,815
Derivative financial instruments 21 13,775 1,722
Cash and cash equivalents 11 25,544 14,353
Total current assets 89,181 54,510
Investments held for sale 12 - 688
Total assets 2,277,525 2,098,055
(x € 1,000) Note 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Equity and Liabilities
Equity
Share capital 13 43,876 40,271
Share premium 14 1,759,213 1,711,033
Other reserves 15,16 -838,608 -865,622
Attributable to shareholders 964,481 885,682
Non-controlling interest 234,752 237,561
Total equity 1,199,233 1,123,243
Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing liabilities 17 796,568 719,029
Derivative financial instruments 21 20,334 17,546
Other long-term liabilities 18 27,698 22,514
Total non-current liabilities 844,600 759,089
Current liabilities
Trade payables 8,791 11,571
Tax payable 19 3,079 1,389
Interest-bearing liabilities 17 144,794 137,774
Other short-term liabilities 20 77,028 64,989
Total current liabilities 233,692 215,723
Total equity and liabilities 2,277,525 2,098,055
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
115
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Consolidated statement of financial position
Consolidated financial statement 

Page 117:
Consolidated income statement
for the year ended 31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Note 2023 2022
Gross rental income 24 157,960 140,921
Service costs charged 24 26,198 21,745
Total revenue 184,158 162,666
Service costs paid 24 -34,475 -29,000
Property expenses 25 -23,265 -18,498
Net rental income 126,418 115,168
Valuation results 26 17,459 -4,067
Results on disposals 27 -137 -4,517
General costs 28 -18,641 -17,370
Other income and expense 29 -641 -3,370
Operating result 124,458 85,844
Interest charges -31,021 -23,555
Interest income - 45
Net interest 30 -31,021 -23,510
Other financial income and expense 21,31 -3,848 13,807
Result before tax 89,589 76,141
Income tax 32 -280 -134
Result for the year 89,309 76,007
Result attributable to:
Shareholders 79,421 57,265
Non-controlling interest 9,888 18,742
Result for the year 89,309 76,007
Basic earnings per share (€) 35 1.97 1.43
Diluted earnings per share (€) 35 1.97 1.43
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
116
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 118:
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Note 2023 2022
Result 89,309 76,007
Items that may be recycled to the income statement subsequently
Effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges 21 -6,183 5,513
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging 21 -664 -800
Items that will not be recycled to the income statement subsequently
Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations 18 -131 778
Total comprehensive income 82,331 81,498
Attributable to:
Shareholders 72,487 62,472
Non-controlling interest 9,844 19,026
Total comprehensive income 82,331 81,498
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
117
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 119:
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 December 2023
Attributable to shareholders
(x € 1,000)
Share 
capital Share premium General reserve Hedge reserve
Cost of hedging 
reserve
Total attributable 
to shareholders
Non-controlling 
interest Total equity
Balance at 1 January 2022 40,271 1,711,033 -885,891 -356 1,766 866,823 228,713 1,095,536
Comprehensive income
Result - - 57,265 - - 57,265 18,742 76,007
Remeasurement of post-employment obligations - - 514 - - 514 264 778
Effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges - - - 5,493 - 5,493 20 5,513
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - - - -800 -800 - -800
Total comprehensive income - - 57,779 5,493 -800 62,472 19,026 81,498
Transactions with shareholders
Purchase of treasury shares - - -1,298 - - -1,298 - -1,298
Equity-settled share-based payment - - 1,421 - - 1,421 - 1,421
Dividends - - -44,140 - - -44,140 -12,151 -56,291
Change non-controlling interest - - 411 - - 411 1,975 2,386
Other - - -7 - - -7 - -7
Balance at 31 December 2022 40,271 1,711,033 -871,726 5,137 967 885,682 237,561 1,123,243
Balance at 1 January 2023 40,271 1,711,033 -871,726 5,137 967 885,682 237,561 1,123,243
Comprehensive income
Result - - 79,421 - - 79,421 9,888 89,309
Remeasurement of post-employment obligations - - -87 - - -87 -44 -131
Effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges - - - -6,183 - -6,183 - -6,183
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - - - - -664 -664 - -664
Total comprehensive income - - 79,334 -6,183 -664 72,487 9,844 82,331
Transactions with shareholders
Proceeds from share issue 3,605 48,180 - - 51,785 - 51,785
Purchase of treasury shares - - -731 - - -731 - -731
Equity-settled share-based payment - - 1,752 - - 1,752 - 1,752
Dividends - - -46,494 - - -46,494 -12,653 -59,147
Balance at 31 December 2023 43,876 1,759,213 -837,865 -1,046 303 964,481 234,752 1,199,233
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
118
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 120:
Consolidated cash flow statement
for the year ended 31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Note 2023 2022
Operating activities
Result 89,309 76,007
Adjustments:
Valuation results 26 -17,459 4,067
Net interest 30 31,021 23,510
Other financial income and expense 31 3,848 -13,807
Results on disposals 27 137 4,517
Taxes 280 134
Amortization 1,338 2,585
Movements in working capital 3,890 -6,684
Cash flow generated from operations 112,364 90,329
Interest paid -29,699 -23,700
Interest received - 45
Income tax -120 -77
Cash flow from operating activities 82,545 66,597
Investment activities
Proceeds from disposals direct investment properties 27 9,674 4,010
Proceeds from disposals indirect investment property 27 - -904
Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired -3,266 -
Investments in investment property 5 -103,497 -59,423
Investments in equipment -1,137 -40
Investments in financial assets -413 -128
Investments in intangible assets - -39
Cash flow from investing activities -98,639 -56,524
Financing activities
Proceeds from interest-bearing debts 17 184,116 118,188
Repayment interest-bearing debts 17 -95,900 -82,500
Movements in other long-term liabilities 18 -1,006 -2,944
Other movements in reserve -777 -1,298
Dividend paid -59,148 -53,935
Cash flow from financing activities 27,285 -22,489
Increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents 11,191 -12,416
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 11 14,353 26,769
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 11 25,544 14,353
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
119
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 121:
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
1 Reporting entity
Wereldhave N.V. (‘the Company’) is an investment company which invests in real estate 
(shopping centers and offices). The property portfolio of Wereldhave N.V. and its subsidiaries 
(‘the Group’) is located in Belgium, France and the Netherlands. The Group is principally 
involved in leasing investment property under operating leases. The property management 
is performed by Group management companies. The Company is a limited liability company 
incorporated in the Netherlands and domiciled in the Netherlands. The address of the 
Company’s registered office is Nieuwe Passeerdersstraat 1, 1016 XP Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. The registration number at the Chamber of Commerce is 27083420. The 
shares of the Company are listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange of Amsterdam. The 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 were authorized for 
issue by the Supervisory Board on 13 March 2024 and will be presented to the shareholders 
for approval on 24 April 2024.
2 Tax status
Wereldhave N.V. has the tax status of an investment company (FBI status) in accordance with 
section 28 of the Dutch ‘Wet op de Vennootschapsbelasting 1969’. This status assumes that 
the Group is (almost) exclusively engaged in portfolio investment activities. As a 
consequence, corporation tax is due at a rate of 0% in the Netherlands, provided that certain 
conditions are met. The main conditions concern the requirement to distribute the taxable 
result as dividend and restrictions with regard to the leverage. The taxable result of 
Wereldhave N.V. must be distributed as a dividend to its shareholders within eight months 
after the year during which the result was made. In general terms, the leverage restrictions 
imply that investments in real estate (including qualifying real estate companies) may only be 
financed through debt up to a maximum of 60% of their value. For investments in other 
assets the maximum level of debt allowed is only 20%. There is no requirement to include 
capital gains, arising on disposal of investments, in the result to be distributed.
In 2023, the Dutch government enacted a bill to amend the tax regime that is applicable to 
fiscal investment institutions (FBI regime). As a result of this amendment, Dutch real estate 
investors that previously benefited from the 0% corporate income tax rate under the FBI 
regime will become subject to the regular 25.8% Dutch corporate income tax rate as per 1 
January 2025. Since the tax base of the real estate investment must be reset to fair market 
value as per 31 December 2024, we do not expect any current or deferred tax impact 
resulting from the amendment before 1 January 2025.
The subsidiaries in Belgium (OGVV status) and France (SIIC status) have a similar status. In 
Belgium the net value of one single asset may not exceed 20% of the total Belgium portfolio. 
Our largest asset in Belgium, Belle-Île, is below this threshold of 20% at 31 December 2023.
3 Accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial 
statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all years 
presented, unless otherwise stated.
3.1 Basis of accounting
Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements of Wereldhave N.V. have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the 
European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
Income and cash flow statement
The Group presents a separate ‘statement of profit or loss’ and ‘other comprehensive 
income’. The Group reports cash flows from operating activities using the indirect method. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
120
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Page 122:
Interest received and interest paid is presented within operating cash flows. The acquisitions 
of investment properties are disclosed as cash flows from investing activities as this most 
appropriately reflects the Group’s business activities.
Preparation of the consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, 
applying a historical cost convention, except for the measurement of investment property 
and derivative financial instruments that have been measured at fair value.
Accounting estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with EU-IFRS requires the 
use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its 
judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. Changes in 
assumptions may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements in the 
period the assumptions changed. Management believes that the underlying assumptions 
are appropriate.
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where 
assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are 
disclosed in Note 3.32, 5, 21 and 22.
Change in accounting policy and disclosures
New and amended standards adopted by the Group
As of 1 January 2023 the following standards became effective but did not have an impact 
on the Company's consolidated financial statements:
• IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
• Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
• Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
• Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – 
Amendments to IAS 12
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for 
annual periods beginning after 1 January 2023 and have not been applied in preparing the 
financial information:
• Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to IFRS 16
• Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current – Amendments to IAS 1
• Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture – 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28
These amendments are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's 
consolidated financial information.
3.2 Consolidation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity 
when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. 
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the 
Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. Wereldhave recognizes 
acquisitions if IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” or IAS 40 “Investment Property” applies. 
Acquisitions are considered a business combination if there is an acquisition of assets, rental 
activities and such, a management organization, that the acquired entity can operate as an 
independent company with the aim of generating economic results. Wereldhave does not 
necessarily consider acquisitions of properties within a legal company as a business 
combination but evaluates these acquisitions individually for the above operational 
characteristics.
The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The 
consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets 
transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity 
interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any 
asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are 
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-
controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value 
or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognized amounts of 
acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
121
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 123:
The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the 
acquiree and the acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree 
over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
For acquisitions of subsidiaries not meeting the definition of a business, the Group allocates the 
cost between the individual identifiable assets and liabilities in the Group based on their relative 
fair values at the date of acquisition. Such transactions or events do not give rise to goodwill.
Consolidated financial statements are prepared using uniform accounting policies for similar 
transactions. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are consistent with the policies adopted by 
the Group.
Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealized gains or losses on transactions 
between Group companies are eliminated.
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted 
for as equity transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as 
owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share 
acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or 
losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
3.3 Foreign currency translation
Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured 
using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates 
(the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, 
which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.
Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange 
rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates 
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the 
income statement for the year.
Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents 
are presented net in the income statement within other financial income and expenses. The 
following exchange rates against the euro, were used for these consolidated financial 
statements:
average year-end
2023 2022 2023 2022
GBP 1.14986 1.17287 1.15352 1.12951
USD 0.92456 0.95007 0.90588 0.93414
CAD 0.6852 0.72995 0.68465 0.68939
3.4 Comprehensive income
In the statement of comprehensive income, no separate line for tax is included as there are 
no taxable items. This is due to the tax status of the Group and some subsidiaries.
3.5 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group holds derivative financial instruments mainly to hedge exchange rate and interest 
rate risks arising from financing activities. The Group does not hold any derivatives for trading 
purposes. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for 
separately if the host contract is not a financial asset and certain criteria are met.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered 
into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are 
recognized in the income statement as they arise.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
122
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 124:
The Group designates certain derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with the 
cash flows of recognized assets and liabilities and highly probable forecast transactions (cash 
flow hedges) or hedges of the fair value of recognized assets and liabilities (fair value hedges).
At inception of designated hedging relationships, the Group documents the risk 
management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Group also documents 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, including 
whether the changes in cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument are expected 
to offset each other.
The Group uses hedging instruments such as interest and cross currency swaps. 
Transactions are entered into with a limited number of counterparties with strong credit 
ratings. Hedging operations are governed by internal policies and rules approved and 
monitored by the Board of Management.
Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of 
changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the hedging reserve. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the 
derivative that is recognized in other comprehensive income is limited to the cumulative 
change in fair value of the hedged item, determined on a present value basis, from inception 
of the hedge. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is 
recognized immediately in profit or loss.
The Group designates only the change in fair value of the spot element of forward exchange 
contracts as the hedging instrument in cash flow hedging relationships. The change in fair 
value of the forward element of forward exchange contracts is separately accounted for as 
a cost of hedging and recognized in a cost of hedging reserve within equity.
When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer 
meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred 
costs of hedging in equity at that time remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. 
When the transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss and costs 
of hedging that were reported in equity are immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
Fair value hedges
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges 
are recorded in profit or loss, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset 
or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The gain or loss relating to the effective 
portion of interest rate swaps hedging fixed rate borrowings is recognized in profit or loss 
within finance costs, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged fixed rate 
borrowings attributable to interest rate risk. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective 
portion is recognized in profit or loss within other financial income and expense.
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying 
amount of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortized to profit 
or loss over the period to maturity using a recalculated effective interest rate.
3.6 Investment property
Property that is held for long-term rental income or for capital appreciation or both, and that 
is not occupied by the companies in the consolidated Group, is classified as investment 
property. Investment property also includes property that is being constructed or developed 
for future use as investment property. Investment property is measured initially at its cost, 
including related transaction costs. After this initial recognition, investment property is 
carried at fair value.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date and adjusted, if necessary, for 
differences in the nature, location or condition of the specific asset. If this information is not 
available, the Group uses alternative valuation methods, such as recent prices on less active 
markets or discounted cash flow or capitalization projections. Valuations are performed as of 
the financial position dates 30 June and 31 December by professional independent external 
valuers who hold recognized and relevant professional qualifications and have recent 
experience in the location and category of the investment property being valued. The 
independent, certified valuers are instructed to determine the fair value of the property in 
accordance with the valuation standards as published by the Royal Institute of Chartered 
Surveyors (RICS) and the International Valuation Standards Council (IVSC). These guidelines 
contain mandatory rules and best practice guidelines for valuers. Remuneration of valuers is 
based on a fixed fee per property.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
123
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 125:
The valuations form the basis for the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. 
Investment property that is being redeveloped for continuing use as investment property or for 
which the market has become less active continues to be measured at fair value.
Significant unobservable input
Relationship between significant 
unobservable inputs and the fair 
value measurement
The estimated fair value increases (decreases) if:
• Growth forecast for market rent level • The expected growth of market rent levels is 
higher (lower)
• Periods of vacancy following expiration of a lease • The periods of vacancy are shorter (longer)
• Occupancy rate • The occupancy rate is higher (lower)
• Rent-free periods and other lease incentives • The rent-free periods are shorter (longer)
• Expected maintenance costs / investments • The estimated maintenance costs / investments 
are lower (higher)
• Theoretical net yield • The net-yield is lower (higher)
The fair value of investment property reflects, among other things, rental income from 
current leases and other assumptions market participants would make when pricing the 
property under current market conditions.
Subsequent expenditure is capitalized to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is 
probable that future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the 
Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance 
costs are expensed when incurred. When part of an investment property is replaced, the 
carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized.
Changes in fair values are recognized in the income statement. Investment properties are 
derecognized when they have been disposed.
Where the Group disposes of a property at fair value in an arm’s length transaction, the 
carrying value immediately prior to the sale is adjusted to the transaction price, and the 
adjustment is recorded in the income statement within net gain from fair value adjustment on 
investment property.
If an investment property becomes owner-occupied, it is reclassified as property and 
equipment. Its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent 
accounting purposes.
Properties eligible for disposal are classified as assets held for sale. In the case of sale of 
properties, the difference between net proceeds and book value is recognized in the 
income statement under results of disposal.
Lease incentives, rent-free periods and other leasing expenses
Rent-free periods and investments made, or allowances granted to tenants by Wereldhave 
(“lease incentives”) are allocated on a linear basis over the lease term. The lease term 
consists of the period until the first break option for the tenants, which period can be 
extended by management with the expected prolongation of the leases. In determining the 
property at fair value capitalized lease incentives are adjusted for the valuation results, to 
avoid double counting.
Investment property under construction
Investment property under construction is measured at fair value if the fair value is 
considered to be reliably determinable. Investment properties under construction for which 
the fair value cannot be determined reliably, but for which the company expects that the fair 
value of the property will be reliably determinable when construction is completed, are 
measured at cost less impairment until the fair value becomes reliably determinable or 
construction is completed - whichever is earlier.
It may sometimes be difficult to reliably determine the fair value of the investment property 
under construction. In order to evaluate whether the fair value of an investment property 
under construction can be determined reliably, management considers the following factors, 
among others:
• The provisions of the construction contract
• The stage of completion
• Whether the project/property is standard (typical for the market) or non-standard
• The level of reliability of expected cash inflows after completion
• The development risk specific to the property
• Past experience with similar constructions
• Status of construction permits
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
124
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 126:
Costs include the material and labor for the construction, costs of staff directly related to 
technical supervision, project management on the basis of time spent and finance costs. The 
finance cost are capitalized interest that is charged until the date of delivery and is based on 
the interest to be allocated to development or on the basis of the average effective rate of 
the Group, where no specific project financing is present. Interest charges include interest 
and all costs associated with Wereldhave raising funds.
The fair value of development is determined on an identical basis as investment properties, 
with the understanding that the capitalization factor is adjusted to reflect development risks.
Fair value changes and impairment losses are recognized in the income statement as 
valuation result. Investment property under construction are transferred to investment 
properties on the date of delivery.
3.7 Leases
Group company is the lessee in an operating lease
A right-of-use asset and a lease liability is recognized at the lease commencement date. The 
right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently at cost less any accumulated 
depreciation, impairment losses and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease 
liability. Right-of-use assets are presented under property and equipment. Right-of-use assets 
that meet the definition of investment property are presented under investment property and 
subsequently measured at fair value in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not 
paid at commencement date which are discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing 
rate, unless the interest rate implicit in the lease is available. The lease liability is 
subsequently increased by the interest costs on the lease liability and decreased by any 
lease payments made. Lease liabilities are remeasured when there is a change in future 
lease payments arising from a change in an index or changes to the assessment whether a 
purchase or extension options is reasonably certain to be exercised. Judgement may need to 
be applied to determine the lease term for some lease contracts that contain renewal or 
termination options. The assessment may significantly affect the amount of lease liabilities 
and right-of-use assets recognized.
Lease liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities in the statement of financial 
position. Payments of lease liabilities are presented as cash flows from financing activities in 
the cash flow statement. Payment of interest on lease liabilities are included in cash flows 
from operating activities.
Group company is the lessor in an operating lease
Properties leased out under operating leases are included in investment property in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. See Note 24 for the recognition of rental income.
Group company is the lessor in an finance lease
Leases are considered finance leases where the lease transfers substantially all of the risks 
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. The assessment considers 
various indicators including a comparison between the present value of future lease payments 
and the fair value of the underlying asset. Finance lease receivables are initially measured at 
the present value of future lease payments plus initial direct costs and any unguaranteed 
residual value accruing to the lessor discounted at the interest rate implicit in the lease. The 
finance lease receivable is subsequently increased by the interest income on the receivable 
and decreased for any lease payments received and loss allowances, if any.
3.8 Property and equipment
Property and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes 
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
Cost includes the cost of replacing part of existing plant and equipment at the time that cost 
is incurred if the recognition criteria are met; and excludes the costs of day-to-day servicing 
of an item of plant and equipment.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate 
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The 
carrying amount of those parts that are replaced is derecognized. All other repairs and 
maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they 
are incurred.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
125
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 127:
Depreciation, is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over the assets’ 
estimated useful lives, as follows:
Office Furniture: 10 years 
Equipment: 5 years
Cars:  5 years
 
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at 
least at each financial year-end. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to 
its recoverable amount if the carrying amount is greater than the estimated recoverable 
amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying 
amount and are included in the income statement.
3.9 Intangible assets
Computer software
Acquired computer software licenses and costs relating to internally developed software are 
capitalized at cost incurred to acquire, develop and implement the specific software. These 
costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives (5 to 10 years).
3.10 Impairment of non-financial and financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization and are tested 
annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortization are reviewed 
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount may not be recoverable.
3.11 Financial instruments
Wereldhave categorizes its financial instruments measured at fair value in three categories. 
Level 1 valuations are based on quoted market prices, level 2 inputs are inputs other than 
quoted prices included in level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either direct or 
indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
3.12 Financial assets
The Group classifies its financial assets in those to be measured subsequently at fair value 
and those to be measured at amortized cost. The classification depends on the business 
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.
Financial assets are not reclassified after their initial recognition unless the Group changes 
its business model for managing financial assets.
Financial assets are recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions 
of the instrument. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows 
from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
A financial asset is initially measured at fair value plus, in case of assets not at fair value 
through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or 
issue. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed in profit or loss.
Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the business model for managing 
the asset and the cash flows characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement 
categories into which the Group classifies its financial assets:
• Amortized cost is applied for financial assets held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold the assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
• Fair value through other comprehensive income is applied for equity investments that are 
not held for trading or debt investments held within a business model whose objective is 
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets and the 
contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
• Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized costs or fair value through other 
comprehensive income are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized costs using the effective interest 
method, reduced by impairment losses. Interest income and impairments are recognized in 
profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.
For equity and debt investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income the dividends received, interest income calculated using the effective interest 
method and impairment are recognized in profit or loss.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
126
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 128:
Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On derecognition 
of debt investments, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are 
reclassified to profit or loss.
Net gains and losses of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in 
profit or loss unless item is designated as hedging instrument.
An overview of the carrying amounts of the financial assets is set out in Note 22.
3.13 Financial liabilities
A financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus, in case of liabilities not at fair value 
through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue.
Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost or fair value through profit 
or loss.
A financial liability is classified as at fair value through profit or loss if it is classified as 
held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value and net gains and 
losses are recognized in profit or loss.
Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest method. Interest expense is recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on 
derecognition is also recognized in profit or loss.
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged, 
cancelled or expired.
An overview of the carrying amounts of the financial liabilities is set out in Note 22.
3.14 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand and cash at banks. Cash and cash 
equivalents are measured at nominal value.
3.15 Non-current assets held for sale
Non-current assets (or a disposal group) are held for sale in case the carrying amount will be 
recovered principally by means of a sale rather than by continuing use. This only applies if 
the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. 
Furthermore, the sale must be highly probable, management must be committed to a plan to 
sell the asset and an active program to locate a buyer and complete the plan must have 
been initiated. The sale should be completed within one year from the date of classification.
Non-current assets (or disposal group) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower 
of the carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell except for assets such as deferred tax 
assets and investment property that are carried at fair value. Non-current assets held for sale 
or the assets from a disposal group are presented separately from other assets in the 
balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented 
separately from the other liabilities. Assets and liabilities held for sale are not offset against 
each other.
A disposal group is a group of assets and liabilities that is sold or intended to be sold in one 
transaction.
3.16 Trade receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from tenants under the lease agreements. Standard 
lease terms require upfront payment of rent and therefore trade receivables are all classified 
as current. Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that 
is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components, when they are 
recognized at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect 
the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortized cost less 
expected credit losses.
The Group applies the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables at each reporting date. The Group 
has established a provision matrix that is based on historical credit loss experience, adjusted 
for forward looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
127
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 129:
3.17 Equity
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. External costs directly attributable to the issue of new 
shares are deducted from the proceeds. When share capital recognized as equity is 
repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs, is 
recognized as a change in the general reserve in equity. Repurchased shares are classified as 
treasury shares and deducted from total equity. When treasury shares are reissued the proceeds 
are credited to the treasury share reserve and any surplus is credited to the share premium 
reserve. Dividends are recognized as a liability in the period in which they are declared.
3.18 Dividend policy
As an investment company in accordance with Article 28 of the Dutch ‘Wet op de 
Vennootschapsbelasting 1969’, the Company is required to distribute at least the taxable 
result as dividend.
Wereldhave aims for a dividend pay-out ratio of 75% - 85% of its direct result (net rental 
income, general costs, other gains and losses, financial income and expense (other than the 
interest addition to the real value of the conversion rights of convertible bonds, premiums 
paid on repurchased interest-bearing debt and actuarial gains and losses on employee 
benefit plans) and tax charges on direct result.
3.19 Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of 
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are measured at the 
present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. Any 
increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized as interest charges.
3.20 Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing debt
Interest-bearing debt is initially recognized at fair value, minus transaction costs. 
Subsequently interest-bearing debt is measured at amortized cost. Any difference between 
the face value and the carrying amount is recognized in the income statement over the 
period of the interest-bearing debt on the basis of the effective interest per debt. The portion 
of debt outstanding to be repaid within twelve months is shown under current liabilities.
3.21 Pension plans
Defined contribution plans
Defined contribution plans are pension schemes to which a Group company makes a fixed 
annual contribution and where the Company does not have a legal or constructive obligation 
to make further payments if the pension fund of the pension scheme does not hold sufficient 
assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior 
periods. The contributions are recognized as employee benefit expense when they are due.
Defined benefit plans
The liability or asset recognized in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension 
plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period 
less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by 
independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the 
estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are 
denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms 
approximating to the terms of the related obligation. In countries where there is no deep 
market in such bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the 
defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee 
benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.
Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognized in the period in which they occur, directly in other 
comprehensive income. They are included in retained earnings in the statement of changes 
in equity and in the balance sheet.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan 
amendments or curtailments are recognized immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
128
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 130:
3.22 Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently at amortized 
cost basis using the effective interest method.
3.23 Revenue
Gross Rental income
Rental income from investment properties leased out under operating leases is recognized.
in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives 
are recognized as a reduction of the rental income and are straight-lined over the minimum 
term of the lease. Rent adjustments due to indexation are recognized as they arise. Rental 
income does not include value added tax or amounts charged to tenants in respect of service 
and operating costs. Variable rental income, such as turnover related rent or income from 
specialty leasing is recognized in the income statement in the period to which it relates, if it 
can be estimated reliably. If a reliable estimate is not possible, recognition takes place at the 
time of realization.
Revenue received from tenants for early termination of leases is directly recognized in the 
income statement in the period to which the revenues relates.
Service costs charged
Where there are service contracts with third parties, service charges are recovered from 
tenants. The service charge is priced and contracted based on market prices relevant for the 
location. The services are included in the lease agreement and mainly relate to energy, 
cleaning and security services. The service charge income is recognized evenly over time of 
the service rendered as the tenant simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits from 
the provided service. Service charges are shown on a gross basis when Wereldhave acts as 
a principal.
3.24 Expenses
Service costs paid
Service costs are shown on a gross basis when Wereldhave acts as a principal. In the 
presentation on a gross basis, costs and charges are shown separately. In case Wereldhave 
acts as an agent only the non-recoverable amount of the service and operational costs is 
presented. Service charges in respect of vacant units or other irrecoverable service charges 
due to insolvency or contractual limitations are included in service costs paid.
Property expenses
Property expenses consist of operational cost for the account of Wereldhave attributable to 
the accounting period, such as:
• Maintenance;
• Property tax;
• Insurance premiums;
• Property management; and
• Letting expenses.
Letting expenses include the depreciation of capitalized expenditure in connection with a 
letting, such as fit out contributions paid by Wereldhave. The expenditure is amortized over 
the term of the lease. Investment property depreciation charges are not recognized, 
because investment properties are valued at market value see paragraph 3.6. The market 
value calculation takes technical and economic obsolescence into account.
General costs
General costs are expenses that are not directly attributable to the operation of properties 
(including salaries of staff not directly involved with properties, office overheads, advice, 
valuation and audit fees, listing costs and promotion costs). Direct staff costs relating to 
property management are included in property expenses. Direct staff costs relating to 
supervising and monitoring investment and development projects are capitalized as part of 
the investment property under construction on the basis of time spent.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
129
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 131:
3.25 Results on disposal
The results on disposal are the differences between the realized selling prices, net of selling 
costs, and the carrying amount, based on the last reported fair value (mostly the latest 
appraisal).
Results on disposal from the sale of investment property or fixed assets are processed if the 
following conditions are met:
• The entity has transferred the rights to all major economic benefits and any significant 
risks to the buyer;
• The legal entity does not keep possession of those goods and therefore cannot decide 
on its use;
• The amount of revenue can be reliably determined;
• It is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the 
new legal owner; and
• Costs already incurred and the potential future costs in respect to the transaction can be 
measured reliably.
3.26 Interest charges and interest income
Interest comprises the total of interest attributable to the accounting period on loans, other 
debts, accounts receivable and cash and bank balances and is split between interest received 
and interest paid. Interest income & charges is recognized in the income statement as it 
accrues. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a 
financial asset or financial liability and of allocating the interest income or interest expense 
over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated 
future cash payments or receipts throughout the expected life of the financial instrument, to 
the fair value of the financial asset or financial liability as at the recognition of the instrument. 
Interest attributable to the acquisition or construction of an asset that takes a substantial 
period of time to complete, is capitalized as part of the cost of the respective assets, starting 
from preparation of the plan until completion. Capitalized interest is calculated using the 
Group’s weighted average cost of debt or the borrowing cost of specific project financing.
3.27 Employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is 
recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the 
employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
Share-based payment arrangements
The grant date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment arrangements granted to 
the employees, including Board of Management, is generally recognized as an expense, with 
a corresponding reserve in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount 
recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related 
service and non-market performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the 
amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of awards that meet the related 
service and non-market performance conditions at the vesting date. In case of a modification, 
any incremental fair value will be recognized as an expense over the period from the 
modification date to the end date of the vesting period.
The fair value of the amount payable in respect of share-based payments arrangements, 
which are settled in cash, is recognized as an expense with a corresponding increase in 
liabilities, over the period during which the employee becomes unconditionally entitled to 
payment. The liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at settlement date based on 
the fair value of the share-based payments arrangements. Any changes in the liability are 
recognized in profit or loss.
3.28 Income tax
Tax charges on the income statement for a year comprise current and deferred tax and are 
calculated on results before taxes, considering any tax-exempt components of result and 
non-deductible costs. Losses to be offset against probable future results are recognized as 
deferred tax asset. Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable 
income or loss for the period. Deferred tax consists of the expected tax payable or receivable 
on changes in the value of assets or liabilities which will be realized at the time of sale. Tax 
charges are calculated using tax rates prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
130
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 132:
Current tax and deferred tax is recognized in income statement except to the items 
recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income in which case, the tax is also 
recognized in equity or other comprehensive income.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the 
year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any 
adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax payable also includes any 
tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for 
taxation purposes. Deferred taxes are stated at nominal value.
Deferred tax is not recognized for:
• Temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that 
is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable income 
statement;
• Temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities 
to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
• Taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary 
differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted by the reporting date.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset 
current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax 
authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle 
current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be 
realized simultaneously.
The carrying value of the Group’s investment property is assumed to be realized by sale at 
the end of use.
A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible 
temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable results will be 
available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each 
reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax 
benefit will be realized.
3.29 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the 
Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares by the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus 
elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings 
per share to consider:
• The after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive 
potential ordinary shares; and
• The weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been 
outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
3.30 Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided 
to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or 
group that allocates resources to and assesses the performance of the operating segments 
of an entity. The Group has determined that its chief operating decision maker is the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company.
The operating segments are based on a geographic perspective and therefore performance 
is assessed for Belgium, France, Netherlands and Head office. A segment consists of assets 
and activities with specific risks and results, differing from other sectors.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
131
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 133:
3.31 Rounding of amounts
All amounts as disclosed in the financial statements and Notes have been rounded off to the 
nearest thousand euros unless otherwise stated and may not add up exactly due to rounding.
3.32 Significant estimates in the accounts
Investment property
The assets in the Company and its subsidiaries mainly consists of the property portfolio. The 
market value of these assets cannot be assessed using official quotations or listings.
A valuation based on fair value is a time- and location-based estimate. The estimate is based 
on the price level on which two well-informed parties under normal market conditions would 
make a transaction for that specific property on the date of valuation. The fair value of a 
property in the market can only be determined accurately at the moment of the actual sale of 
the property.
Twice a year (June 30 and December 31) the properties are valued by external valuers. The 
valuer appraises at fair value with his own market knowledge and information. The valuation 
is prepared by the valuer and verified and approved by Wereldhave.
The fair value is based on a net yield calculation, where market rents are capitalized. 
Elements of this calculation include current and future rent levels, expected vacancy rates, 
rent indexations, turnover rents, lease incentives, etc. The yields and market rents used are 
specific for the country, the location, the type of property, the level of maintenance and the 
general rent ability of every single property. The determination of applicable yields is based 
upon comparable transactions, supplemented with market and building specific knowledge 
and remaining other assumptions, in which the professional judgment of the valuer will 
become more important if the available transaction information is not sufficient.
Apart from assumptions with respect to yields, costs for future maintenance investments are 
also considered in the valuation. Furthermore, explicit assumptions are made per lettable 
location and per tenant with regard to (re)letting, the start date of such (re)letting and the 
costs related thereto. Also, adjustments are made for expected costs of vacancy (present 
and future) and for differences between the market rent and contractual rent. Sales costs at 
the expense of the buyer, including transfer tax payable, are deducted from the market value.
General assumptions with regard to the valuation of investment property have been 
disclosed in paragraph 3.6 and in Note 5.
Pensions
With regard to the measurement of defined benefit plans, assumptions have been made with 
regard to interest rates, expected return on assets, mortality rates and future salary 
increases. Deviations from the assumptions will impact on assets, liabilities and results on 
future periods. In order to mitigate risks Wereldhave uses external experts for the 
measurement of defined benefit plans. Assumptions have been disclosed in Note 18.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
132
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 134:
4 Segment information
Geographical segment information 2023
(x € 1,000) Belgium France Netherlands Head office Total
Result
Gross rental income 70,195 10,917 76,847 - 157,960
Service costs charged 10,019 3,600 12,579 - 26,198
Total revenue 80,214 14,517 89,426 - 184,158
Service costs paid -15,145 -4,460 -14,869 - -34,475
Property expenses -9,766 -1,960 -11,539 - -23,265
Net rental income 55,303 8,096 63,019 - 126,418
Valuation results -5,915 -8,352 31,726 - 17,459
Results on disposals -122 - -16 - -137
General costs -6,633 -681 -4,082 -7,246 -18,641
Other income and expense 23 -128 -78 -457 -641
Operating result 42,657 -1,065 90,569 -7,703 124,458
Interest charges -7,793 -9,235 -19,120 5,127 -31,021
Interest income - - 3 -3 -
Other financial income and expense -5,570 - - 1,721 -3,848
Income tax -73 -131 -77 - -280
Result 29,221 -10,430 71,374 -857 89,309
Total assets
Investment properties in operation 936,164 175,842 1,030,470 - 2,142,476
Investment properties under construction 14,335 - 260 - 14,595
Assets held for sale - - - - -
Other segment assets 64,539 4,071 263,749 882,125 1,214,484
minus: intercompany - - - -1,094,030 -1,094,030
1,015,038 179,913 1,294,479 -211,905 2,277,525
Investments 16,474 9,198 127,958 - 153,630
Gross rental income by type of property
Shopping centers 62,721 10,917 76,847 - 150,486
Offices 7,474 - - - 7,474
70,195 10,917 76,847 - 157,960
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
133
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 135:
Geographical segment information 2022
(x € 1,000) Belgium France Netherlands Head office Total
Result
Gross rental income 61,963 10,385 68,572 - 140,921
Service costs charged 10,075 1,827 9,843 - 21,745
Total revenue 72,038 12,212 78,415 - 162,666
Service costs paid -13,064 -4,164 -11,772 - -29,000
Property expenses -5,991 -1,389 -11,118 - -18,498
Net rental income 52,984 6,659 55,525 - 115,168
Valuation results -1,679 523 -2,911 - -4,067
Results on disposals -29 -4,457 -32 - -4,517
General costs -6,061 -40 -3,371 -7,899 -17,370
Other income and expense -885 -81 - -2,404 -3,370
Operating result 44,331 2,604 49,211 -10,303 85,843
Interest charges -4,541 -9,543 -18,644 9,173 -23,555
Interest income 25 15 5 - 45
Other financial income and expense 15,444 - - -1,636 13,807
Income tax -46 -68 -65 45 -134
Result 55,212 -6,992 30,508 -2,720 76,007
Total assets
Investment properties in operation 933,163 174,991 850,801 - 1,958,955
Investment properties under construction 14,252 - 21,914 - 36,166
Assets held for sale - - 688 - 688
Other segment assets 45,085 8,738 355,024 843,897 1,252,744
minus: intercompany -217 - -65,000 -1,085,281 -1,150,498
992,283 183,729 1,163,427 -241,384 2,098,055
Investments 24,760 5,483 33,576 - 63,819
Gross rental income by type of property
Shopping centers 56,153 10,385 68,572 - 135,111
Offices 5,810 - - - 5,810
61,963 10,385 68,572 - 140,921
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
134
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 136:
5 Investment property
(x € 1,000)
Investment 
property in 
operation
Lease 
incentives
Investment 
property under 
construction
Total 
Investment 
property
2023
Balance at 1 January 1,958,955 4,949 36,166 2,000,070
Purchases 85,742 - - 85,742
Investments 59,687 - 8,201 67,888
From (to) development properties 29,772 - -29,772 -
Disposals -9,123 - - -9,123
Valuations 17,459 - - 17,459
Other -16 391 - 375
Balance at 31 December 2,142,476 5,340 14,595 2,162,411
2022
Balance at 1 January 1,907,015 5,738 26,587 1,939,340
Investments 26,993 - 36,826 63,819
From (to) development properties 27,248 - -27,248 -
To (from) investments held for sale 2,537 - - 2,537
Disposals -770 - - -770
Valuations -4,067 - - -4,067
Other - -789 - -789
Balance at 31 December 1,958,955 4,949 36,166 2,000,070
In 2023 the Company acquired shopping center Polderplein in Hoofddorp for a total purchase 
price of € 82.3m including transaction costs. The acquisition was funded through the issuance 
of 3,605,208 shares for € 51.8m while the remainder of € 30.5m was paid in cash. In addition, 
the Company made two smaller acquisition for a total consideration of € 3.4m.
The Company sold during 2023 a unit in Tilburg for € 1.6m as well as the shopping center 
‘The Box’ in Gent for € 7.5m.
Completed projects in 2023, amongst others in Vier Meren and Koperwiek, were transferred 
to investment property in operation.
Overview of measurements of total Investment property
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Investment property in operation (including lease incentives) 2,132,472 1,948,567
Investment property under construction (IPUC) 260 21,914
Fair value as per external valuation reports 2,132,732 1,970,481
Fair value of ground rent (leasehold) 15,344 15,337
At cost less impairment (IPUC) 14,335 14,252
Total 2,162,411 2,000,070
Investment properties were valued externally at 31 December 2023 by independent external 
property valuators Jones Lang LaSalle, Cushman & Wakefield, KroesePaternotte and CBRE. 
In total 99.3% (2022: 99.3%) of the investment property portfolio was measured at fair value.
Investment property in operations
The change in valuation can be broken down as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Belgium -5,915 -1,679
France -8,352 523
Netherlands 31,726 -2,911
Total 17,459 -4,067
Direct operating expenses recognized in the income statement include € 3.7m (2022: € 2.6m) 
relating to investment property that was unlet.
At 31 December 2023 no investment property is pledged as security for credit facilities 
(2022: nil).
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
135
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 137:
At 31 December 2023 the carrying amount of investment property in operation is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Total value according to external valuation reports 2,132,472 1,948,567
Add: Present value of future ground rent payments (leasehold) 15,344 15,337
Deduct: carrying amount of rent free periods and other leasing 
expenses to be amortized -5,339 -4,949
Carrying amount 2,142,476 1,958,955
Key assumptions relating to valuations (excluding developments):
Belgium France Netherlands
2023
Total market rent per sqm (€) 216 277 223
EPRA Net Initial Yield 6.5% 4.8% 6.3%
EPRA vacancy rate 3.9% 3.4% 4.5%
Average vacancy period (in months) 12 12 11
Bandwidth vacancy (in months) 6-17 9-15 2-15
2022
Total market rent per sqm (€) 210 274 200
EPRA Net Initial Yield 6.3% 4.7% 6.9%
EPRA vacancy rate 4.8% 2.9% 3.9%
Average vacancy period (in months) 11 12 8
Bandwidth vacancy (in months) 6-18 9-15 0-16
EPRA Net Initial Yield
Annualized rental income based on cash rents passing at the balance sheet date, less 
non-recoverable property operating expenses, divided by the market value of the property, 
including estimated purchasers’ cost (EPRA Net Initial Yield = ((Annualized rent passing + 
other income + turnover rent -/- property expenses) / Gross Property Value)). The total 
average EPRA Net Initial Yield 2023 is 6.3% (2022: 6.4%).
In case the yield changes with 0.25%, assuming stable market rents, it would result in a 
change of € 71.4m on shareholders’ equity and result (€ 1.63 per share). A 5% drop of the 
estimated market rent, assuming stable yields, has a negative impact on shareholders’ equity 
and result of approximately € 101.0m (€ 2.31 per share).
Investment property in operation lease data
Average 
lease length1 Annual rent of lease expiring in2
(x € 1,000)
Until 
first 
break
Until 
lease 
end date < 1 year 1-5 year > 5 year
indefinite 
contracts
Total 
annual 
rent
2023
Belgium 2.3 6.2 2,903 19,848 40,756 232 63,739
France 2.2 4.8 1,202 3,480 6,415 0 11,097
Netherlands 3.4 4.5 1,986 45,391 28,354 5,342 81,074
Total portfolio 2.9 5.2 6,092 68,719 75,526 5,575 155,911
2022
Belgium 2.0 6.6 2,824 18,177 39,377 454 60,832
France 1.9 5.2 1,290 3,105 6,928 0 11,323
Netherlands 3.0 4.2 6,662 32,564 25,219 6,207 70,652
Total portfolio 2.5 5.3 10,776 53,846 71,524 6,661 142,807
1 Indefinite contracts are assumed to expire in one year as they usually have a one year notice period.
2 Based on lease end date.
All investment properties are valued based on Level 3 fair values. Fair value hierarchy 
disclosures for all assets and liabilities have been provided in Note 23.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
136
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 138:
6 Property and equipment
(x € 1,000)
Office 
equipment
Right-of use 
offices
Right-of-use 
cars Total
Balance at 1 January 2023 561 354 735 1,650
Investments/purchases 1,150 3,237 709 5,096
Disposals -13 - -45 -58
Depreciation -235 -489 -509 -1,233
Balance at 31 December 2023 1,463 3,102 890 5,455
Balance at 1 January 2022 1,368 1,667 933 3,968
Investments/purchases 40 - 156 196
Disposals - - -70 -70
Depreciation -310 -406 -248 -964
Impairment -537 -907 -36 -1,480
Balance at 31 December 2022 561 354 735 1,650
31 December 2023
Total acquisition at cost 6,516 7,085 3,442 17,043
Total depreciation and impairment -5,053 -3,983 -2,552 -11,588
Net book value 1,463 3,102 890 5,455
31 December 2022
Total acquisition at cost 5,379 3,848 2,778 12,005
Total depreciation -4,818 -3,494 -2,043 -10,355
Net book value 561 354 735 1,650
The Company moved in 2023 to their new head office in Amsterdam which resulted in the 
recognition of a right-of-use asset of € 3.2m and office equipment of € 1.2m in 2023.
7 Intangible assets
The intangible assets consist of computer software: acquired computer software licenses 
and costs relating to internally developed software.
Computer software
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Balance at January 1 367 479
Investments - 39
Amortization -205 -151
Balance at December 31 162 367
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Total acquisition at cost 423 2,997
Total amortization -261 -2,630
Total 162 367
8 Other financial assets
(x € 1,000) IFRS Category 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Loans amortized cost 557 602
Deposits paid amortized cost 2,063 2,063
Finance lease receivable amortized cost 3,457 -
Other financial assets Fair value through P&L 133 133
Total 6,209 40,769
Deposits relates to an escrow account which is to be released after the completion of certain 
conditions precedents in relation to the redevelopment in Tilburg. Finance lease receivables 
relates to a plot of land acquired in Belgium which is leased out under a long-term lease that 
classified as a finance lease.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
137
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 139:
9 Trade and other receivables
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Tenant receivables 22,278 13,061
Service charge receivable 1,557 1,878
Prepayments 3,530 1,209
Interest to be received 5,198 3,924
Amounts to be invoiced 7,714 9,381
Other 9,030 5,167
Total 49,308 34,620
The fair value of the trade and other receivables coincides with their carrying amount. 
Wereldhave holds tenant deposits, credit letters from banks and Group credit letters 
as collateral. Other receivables do not include amounts with a maturity of more than 
twelve months.
All rents were invoiced before the end of period and as a result the tenant receivables 
increased by € 11.0m, which also impacts the deferred rents with approximately the same 
amount. Refer to Note 20.
Interest to be received refers to interest receivable under interest rate swaps.
Other includes expenses to be recharged (€ 2.8m) and receivables on vendors (€ 2.0m).
Maturity of tenant receivables
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Due 17,571 7,785
Past due less than 1 month 312 1,718
Past due between 1 and 3 months 1,563 1,895
Past due between 3 and 12 months 7,282 3,549
Past due over 12 months 7,700 8,529
34,427 23,477
Deduct: provision -12,149 -10,415
Total 22,278 13,061
In 2023 an amount of € 2.2m was added to (2022: € 0.3m released from) the provision 
doubtful debt and an amount of € 0.5m (2022: € 1.3m) was withdrawn. Refer to Note 22.
10 Tax receivables
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Withholding tax 207 207
Value added tax 6 1,221
Dividend tax 341 2,250
Corporate income tax - 137
Total 554 3,815
11 Cash and cash equivalents
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Bank balances 25,544 14,353
Total 25,544 14,353
Cash and cash equivalents are freely available to the Company.
12 Investment held for sale
During 2023 a strip of smaller units in the Netherlands was sold. At the end of the year there 
are no investments held for sale.
13 Share capital
(number of shares)
Authorized 
share capital
Number of 
issued shares Treasury shares
Outstanding 
number of shares
Balance at 1 January 2022 75,000,000 40,270,921 -146,594 40,124,327
Purchased treasury shares - - -77,187 -77,187
Balance at 31 December 2022 75,000,000 40,270,921 -223,781 40,047,140
Issued shares - 3,605,208 - 3,605,208
Purchased treasury shares - - 9,609 9,609
Balance at 31 December 2023 75,000,000 43,876,129 -214,172 43,661,957
Authorized shares
The authorized ordinary shares have a par value of € 1 each. All issued ordinary share have 
been fully paid.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
138
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 140:
Preference shares
The authorized preference share capital amounts to a number of preference shares equal to 
the number of ordinary shares up to € 75m. The preference shares have a par value of € 1 
each. No preference shares have been issued.
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are purchased for the long-term incentive schemes of the Board of 
Management and employees as well as the share plan offered to employees. Refer to Note 
28 for further details.
Capital management
The objective of Wereldhave, when managing capital, is to safeguard the Group’s continuity, 
to provide returns for its shareholders, benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain a 
capital structure as to optimize the cost of capital. Furthermore, Wereldhave manages its fiscal 
capital to ensure that it meets the requirements from fiscal laws and regulations. Wereldhave 
has the possibility to adjust the amount of dividends, return capital to shareholders, issue new 
shares or sell assets in order to maintain or adjust the capital structure.
14 Share premium
Share premium is paid up share capital in excess of nominal value. Share premium increased 
in 2023 by € 48.2m following the issuance of shares for the acquisition of Polderplein. There 
were no other changes in share premium in 2023. The amount of share premium that is 
recognized for tax purposes is € 1,764m (2022: € 1,716m).
15 General reserve
In April 2023, a final dividend relating to 2022 of € 43.6m (€ 1.16 per share, based on 40m 
entitled shares) was paid. No interim dividends relating to 2023 were distributed in 2023.
An amount of € 161m (2022: € 159m) has been designated as legal reserves, mainly relating 
to the unrealized valuation adjustments of investment properties and cannot be distributed.
16 Other reserves
Hedge reserve
The hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value 
of hedging instruments designated as cash flow hedges where the hedged transaction has 
not yet occurred.
Cost of hedging reserve
The cost of hedging reserve comprises changes in the fair value of cross-currency interest 
rate swaps that are caused by the cross-currency basic spreads.
17 Interest-bearing liabilities
Composition
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Long term
Bank loans 387,137 228,049
Private placements 377,548 459,149
Bonds 31,883 31,831
796,568 719,029
Short term
Bank loans 655 78,024
Private placements 101,389 -
Treasury Notes 42,750 59,750
144,794 137,774
Total interest bearing liabilities 941,362 856,803
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
139
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 141:
Movements in interest-bearing liabilities
Including short-term portion of debt.
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Balance at 1 January 856,803 814,850
New funding 184,116 118,188
Repayments -95,900 -82,500
Use of effective interest method 707 611
Exchange rate differences -4,364 5,654
Balance at 31 December 941,362 856,803
New funding
In 2023, the Company drew € 160.6m from existing revolving credit facilities.
Also, the Company signed new US Private Placement debt (USPP) totaling USD 50m for a 
term of five years. In November 2023, the Company signed similar transactions with two 
investors, totaling USD 50m for a term of seven years. An amount of USD 25m (€ 22.9m) 
settled in 2023, the remaining USD 75m will settle in 2024.
The proceeds have been swapped into competitive fixed euro interest rates.
Repayments
In 2023, the Company repaid € 77.1m (€ 50m and USD 30m) on the private placements, € 17m 
on the treasury notes and € 1.8m on the existing revolving credit facilities.
Exchange rate differences
The exchange rate differences are based on the loans outstanding in USD, GBP and CAD 
recalculated against the year-end currency rates. The impact of exchange rates on loans 
outstanding is swapped using currency derivates, refer to note 21.
Private Placements
The Private Placement Notes issued in 2015 and 2017 contain embedded derivatives. The 
derivatives are recorded separately in the financial statements. As per 31 December 2023 
the embedded derivatives have a negative value of € 0.3m (2022: € 1.8m negative).
Secured interest-bearing liabilities
At 31 December 2023 none of our investment property is pledged as security for credit 
facilities (2022: nil).
Unsecured interest-bearing liabilities
Unsecured interest-bearing liabilities have financial covenants that include various clauses. 
As at 31 December 2023 Wereldhave complied with these clauses.
Covenants
Loan-to-value
The Loan-to-value ratio is calculated by dividing the debt by the investment properties. This 
ratio may not exceed 60%.
Interest cover ratio
The interest cover ratio is calculated by dividing the net rental income by the net interest 
payable. This ratio may not be less than 2.
Solvency
Equity (less intangible assets) and deferred tax liabilities should amount to at least 40% of 
total assets (less intangible assets).
Covenants 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Loan-to-Value 60.0% 42.7% 42.4%
Solvency 40.0% 52.7% 53.5%
Interest coverage ratio 2.0 4.6 5.9
The Company reports a net Loan-to-Value of 42.7% in its communication with investors. The 
Loan-to-Value definition in accordance with the covenants is a gross Loan-to-Value where 
the available cash and cash equivalents are not deducted from the debt and both the fair 
values of the assets and debt are adjusted for the secured debt in place. In accordance with 
this definition the Loan-to-Value is 43.9% at 31 December 2023 (2022: 43.1%).
Average effective interest rate
The effective interest is the rate that discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
through the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period, 
to the net book value of the financial asset or financial liability. Differences to the nominal 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
140
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 142:
interest rate may occur because of the amortization of interest charges and equity option 
components of convertible bonds over the remaining duration of the instrument.
The average nominal interest based on nominal interest rates, without the effects of the 
effective interest rate method, is as follows:
2023 2022
Euro 3.6% 2.1%
US dollar 3.4% 2.8%
Pound sterling 3.0% 3.0%
Canadian Dollar 2.3% 2.3%
Total 3.5% 2.5%
The average interest rate based on the effective interest method is as follows:
2023
EUR GBP USD CAD Total
Short term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 3.7% - 4.3% - 3.9%
Interest rate swaps -2.3% - - - -2.3%
Long term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 4.3% 4.1% 5.1% 4.0% 4.4%
Interest rate swaps -1.6% - - - -1.6%
Average 3.6% 4.1% 4.8% 4.0% 3.5%
2022
Short term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 1.9% - 3.9% - 2.3%
Interest rate swaps -2.1% - - - -2.1%
Long term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 2.7% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 3.3%
Interest rate swaps -1.0% - - - -1.0%
Average 2.1% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 2.5%
Fair value of debt
The carrying amount and the fair value of interest-bearing debts may differ as a result of
accounting adjustments, such as amortized costs and the result of differences in coupon 
interest versus market interest.
The fair value of long-term interest-bearing debts is based on prices of these instruments 
available in the active open market. In the absence of such market prices, the fair value is 
calculated as the present value of cash flows discounted with the relevant market interest 
percentages, including a company specific surcharge. The fair value of short-term interest-
bearing debts is equal to the book value.
The carrying amount and fair value of long-term interest-bearing debt is as follows:
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
(x € 1,000) carrying amount fair value carrying amount fair value
Bank loans, bonds and private placements 796,568 774,443 687,029 676,212
Total 796,568 774,443 687,029 676,212
Currencies
The carrying amount of interest-bearing debt of the Group (short- and long-term) are 
denominated in the following currencies:
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
currency EUR currency EUR
Euro 666,188 666,188 572,915 572,915
US dollar 187,500 169,410 192,500 179,739
Pound sterling 80,000 92,282 80,000 90,361
Canadian dollar 20,000 13,482 20,000 13,788
Total 941,362 856,803
Interest-bearing debt in U.S. Dollars, British Pound and Canadian dollar were for an amount 
of USD 188m, GBP 80m and CAD 20m converted to EUR via multiple cross currency fixed 
interest rate swaps (100% of notional amount denominated in foreign currency).
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
141
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 143:
Credit facilities and bank loans
As at 31 December 2023, Wereldhave had € 405m (2022: € 385m) of revolving credit 
facilities. An amount of nil (2022: € nil) will expire within 1 year, € 370m (2022: € 385m) in 1 
to 5 years and € 35m (2022: nil) expires after 5 years.
As at 31 December 2023, Wereldhave had undrawn credit facilities to the amount of € 127m 
(2022: € 266m). The average maturity of the committed revolving credit facilities at 
31 December 2023 was 3.7 years (2022: 4.3 years).
18 Other long-term liabilities
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Pension plans 146 135
Tenants deposits 8,458 5,911
Lease liabilities 19,094 16,468
Total 27,698 22,514
Tenant deposits consists of amounts received from tenants as a guarantee for future rental 
payment obligations. The cash and non-cash movements in other long-term liabilities is as 
follows:
(x € 1,000) Pension plans
Tenant 
deposits Lease liabilities Total
Balance at 1 January 135 5,911 16,468 22,514
Cash received or paid -328 1,629 -2,307 -1,006
Addition to lease liability - - 3,947 3,947
Disposal of lease liability - - -54 -54
Interest on lease liability - - 1,040 1,040
Other non-cash movements 339 918 - 1,257
Balance at 31 December 146 8,458 19,094 27,698
The Company moved in 2023 to their new head office in Amsterdam which resulted in the 
addition of a new lease liability of € 3.2m. The remaining part is due to new car leases 
entered into in 2023.
Pension plans
The net liability from the defined benefit plan in Belgium is composed as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Fair value of plan assets 3,068 2,903
Benefit obligations 3,214 3,038
Net liability 146 135
Reconciliation of net liability 2023 2022
1 January 135 849
Charge recognized in P&L 208 349
Remeasurement recognized in OCI (Income)/Loss 131 -778
Employer contributions -328 -285
31 December 146 135
The movement of the fair value of plan asset in Belgium is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Balance at 1 January 2,903 3,018
Interest income on plan assets 93 26
Return om scheme assets -106 -357
Actual expenses -60 -66
Employer contributions 328 285
Employee contributions 6 5
Benefits paid -96 -8
Balance at 31 December 3,068 2,903
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
142
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 144:
The movement of the defined benefit obligation in Belgium is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Balance at 1 January 3,038 3,867
Net service cost 206 343
Interest cost 95 32
Employee contributions 6 5
Benefits paid -96 -8
Experience (gains) / losses 25 -1,135
Expenses -60 -66
Balance at 31 December 3,214 3,038
The assumptions used:
- discount rate obligations 3.10%-3.20% 3.10%-3.15%
- rate of annual salary increases including inflation 2.2% - 7.2% 2.2% - 7.2%
Pension costs
The total cost for defined benefit plan in Belgium is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Current service cost 206 343
Net interest on Net Defined Benefit Liability (Asset) 2 6
Total 208 349
The following amounts have been recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI):
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Actuarial (gain)/loss due to liability expenses 131 -778
Remeasurement effect recognized in OCI 131 -778
In total the following movements have been recognized in the income statement and OCI:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Balance at January 1 3,038 3,867
Net service cost 206 343
Interest cost 95 32
Employee contributions 6 5
Benefits paid -96 -8
Experience (gains) / losses 25 -1,135
Expenses -60 -66
Balance at December 31 3,214 3,038
The fair value of the Belgian pension assets consists, as in 2022, for 100% of insurance 
contracts.
Mortality rates
The mortality rates used for Belgium are the MR/FR series with an age correction of -5 years.
In 2023 and 2022 the plan asset in Belgium does not include shares issued by the 
Company. For the above-mentioned pension plan the expected employer’s contribution is 
€ 0.3m for 2024.
Leases
Wereldhave has entered into leasehold contracts as well as offices and car leases. During 
2023 the following was recognized in the income statement:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Interest on lease liabilities 1,040 932
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of 
lease liabilities 409 292
Total 1,449 1,224
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
143
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 145:
The maturity of the lease liabilities is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
- up to 1 year 1,648 1,597
- between 1 and 2 years 1,528 1,058
- between 2 and 5 years 4,125 2,700
- more than 5 years 71,632 70,560
Total 78,933 75,915
The lease liability includes two contracts with 99-year period and one contract with an 
indefinite term, resulting in a higher nominal value of payments compared to the present 
value of the liabilities.
19 Tax payable
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Value added tax 1,879 950
Social security tax 718 211
Company tax 52 29
Other tax 430 199
Total 3,079 1,389
20 Other short-term liabilities
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Deferred rents 25,490 12,641
Property expenses 16,304 14,525
Interest 10,609 9,158
General costs 6,085 7,333
Capital commitments payable 13,133 12,321
Other short-term liabilities 5,408 9,011
Total 77,028 64,989
Deferred rents relates to invoiced rents of future periods. Refer to note 9 for an explanation 
of the increase. Capital commitments payable relate to investments on the investment 
properties already performed, but for which no invoices were received yet.
21 Financial instruments
Derivatives are used to hedge foreign currency and interest risks.
Hedging instruments
Interest and cross currency swaps can be classified as hedging instruments against foreign 
currency risk on loans in USD, GBP and CAD (refer to note 17) and interest rate risk. Cross 
currency swaps hedge 1:1 the debt denominated in foreign currency. The fair value of these 
instruments breaks down as follows:
(x € 1,000) Principal Interest range
Fair value 
assets
Fair value 
liabilities
2023
Cashflow hedge
USD currency swap USD 262,500 2.2% - 6.1% 15,853 -3,108
GBP currency swap GBP 80,000 2.7% - 3.4% - -14,698
CAD currency swap CAD 20,000 2.3% - -737
No hedge accounting
EUR Interest rate swap EUR 361,975 (0.1%) - 7.5% 10,766 -1,790
EUR Interest cap EUR 30,000 0.5% 1,263 -
Total 27,882 -20,334
2022
Cashflow hedge
USD currency swap USD 192,500 2.2% - 3.2% 20,781 -
GBP currency swap GBP 80,000 2.7% - 3.4% - -12,792
CAD currency swap CAD 20,000 2.3% - -151
No hedge accounting
EUR Interest rate swap EUR 411,975 0.3% - 4.76% 16,207 -4,603
EUR Interest cap EUR 90,000 0% - 0.5% 2,706 -
Total 39,694 -17,546
The notional denominated in USD relates for USD 75m to financing settling in January 2024.
The fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as long-term if the remaining maturity of 
the hedged item is longer than 1 year and as a current asset or liability if the remaining 
maturity is less than 1 year.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
144
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 146:
The remaining term of the derivatives for interest and currency conversion on a principal 
basis is as follows:
31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) EUR USD GBP CAD
- up to 1 year - 80,000 - -
- between 1 and 5 years 326,975 107,500 15,000 20,000
- more than 5 years 65,000 75,000 65,000 -
Total 391,975 262,500 80,000 20,000
31 December 2022
- up to 1 year 110,000 30,000 - -
- between 1 and 5 years 326,975 162,500 15,000 20,000
- more than 5 years 65,000 - 65,000 -
Total 501,975 192,500 80,000 20,000
The following amounts have been recognized in shareholders equity in relation to hedge 
accounting:
31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) EUR USD GBP CAD Total in EUR
Effective part fair value changes in  cashflow 
hedging - -2,013 -3,744 -426 -6,183
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - -515 -84 -64 -663
Net effect in equity - -2,528 -3,828 -491 -6,846
31 December 2022
Effective part fair value changes in  cashflow 
hedging 28 -391 4,672 1,184 5,493
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - -528 54 -325 -800
Net effect in equity 28 -920 4,726 859 4,693
Hedge ineffectiveness may arise from changes in the credit risk of Wereldhave or the 
derivative counterparty. In 2023, a net income of € 0.3m was recognized in the income 
statement as a result of ineffectiveness of hedges (2022: € 0.3m expense).
Derivatives
Derivatives include (cross currency) interest rate swaps whose fair value has been determined 
by a calculation model based on contractual and market interest rates (level 2). In the models 
the counter party risk has been considered via the non-current exposure method.
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments for interest conversion (no hedge 
accounting) are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit and loss. During 
2023 a negative amount of € 4.1m was charged to the other financial income and expense 
(2022: € 13.4m positive) relating to these financial assets. In addition, net interest decreased 
by € 7.8m (2022: € 2.9m) as a result of derivative financial instruments for interest conversion.
Credit risk
During 2023 the market value of the interest swaps changed as a result of movement in 
underlying interest rates. The full value of the derivative financial instruments is exposed to 
credit risk and is not mitigated by other instruments. The credit risk of counter parties is 
monitored on a continuous basis.
22 Financial assets and liabilities
Financial risks
Wereldhave’s financial risks management focuses on the unpredictable nature of the 
financial markets and aims to minimize adverse effects on the Group’s financial position and 
performance. Wereldhave is exposed to the following financial risks:
Market and interest risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will 
fluctuate because of changes in market prices. The Group’s market risks arise from open 
positions in foreign currencies and interest-bearing liabilities, to the extent that these are 
exposed to general and specific market movements. Management sets limits on the exposure 
to currency and interest rate risk that may be accepted, which are monitored on a monthly 
basis. However, the use of this approach does not prevent losses outside of these limits in 
the event of more significant market movements.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
145
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 147:
The Group’s interest rate risk is monitored by the Group’s management on a monthly basis. The 
interest rate risk policy has been approved by the Board of Management. Management 
analyses the Group’s interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis. Various scenarios are 
simulated, taking into consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions and alternative 
financing sources. Based on these scenarios, the Group calculates the impact on profit and loss 
of a defined interest rate shift. The scenarios are run only for liabilities that represent the major 
interest-bearing positions. The simulation is done on a monthly basis to verify that the 
maximum potential loss is within the limits set by management. Trade receivables and payables 
(other than tenant deposits) are interest-free and have settlement dates within one year.
The Group manages its exposure to changes in interest rates and its overall cost of financing 
by using interest rate swap agreements. These interest rate swap agreements are used to 
transform the interest rate exposure on the underlying liability from a floating interest rate 
into a fixed interest rate. It is Wereldhave’s policy to keep at least 50% of its borrowings at 
fixed rates of interest. In the current interest rate environment Wereldhave has fixed the 
interest rate for 72% (2022: 82%) of its debt.
Sensitivity
A change in interest rate by 1% will impact the result and equity by € 3.7m (2022: € 1.5m) 
and earnings per share and asset value per share by € 0.08 (2022: € 0.03).
Currency risk
Wereldhave operates in euro countries only. The currency risks relate to USD, GBP and 
CAD denominated US Private Placement Notes and have been fully hedged to euro 
through cross currency swaps. Refer to Note 17 for an overview of loans denominated in 
foreign currencies.
Liquidity risk
Wereldhave manages its liquidity risk on a consolidated basis with cash provided from rental 
income being a primary source of liquidity. The Group manages short-term liquidity based on 
a rolling forecast for projected cash flows for a twelve-month period.
Besides the cash from operations, fluctuations in the liquidity requirements are accommodated 
by means of several committed revolving credit facilities of in total € 405m. The facilities will 
expire for € 30m in 2025, € 45m in 2026, € 275m in 2027, € 20m in 2028 and € 35m in 2029.
As at year-end 2023, € 278m was drawn under the committed facilities (2022: € 119m).  
The interest and repayment obligations for 2024 are covered by means of cashflow and 
available facilities.
Liquidity risk is furthermore managed by maintaining strong capital ratios, keeping strong 
relationships with various international banks and financial markets, and maintaining 
sufficient credit facilities (committed and uncommitted), see Note 17.
Wereldhave must at all times meet its obligations under the loans it has taken out, including 
the interest cover ratio. The interest cover ratio is calculated by dividing the net rental 
income by the net interest payable. This ratio must not be less than 2. The 2023 interest 
cover ratio was 4.6 (2022: 5.9). Wereldhave must also meet solvency requirements: equity 
(less intangible assets) and deferred tax liabilities should amount to at least 40% of total 
assets (less intangible assets). At year-end 2023, the solvency was 52.7% (2022: 53.5%). 
During the period, the Group did not breach any of its loan covenants, nor did it default on 
any other of its obligations under its loan agreements. Apart from these obligations and 
commitments, Wereldhave’s tax status imposes financing limits.
Wereldhave is funded with a diversity of financing instruments in money markets and capital 
markets. Debt maturities are chosen in line with the long-term character of Wereldhave’s 
assets. Consequently, Wereldhave has a well-spread maturity profile.
Financial transactions are only concluded with the prior approval of the Board of 
Management and the Supervisory Board for bonds and other tradable debt instruments.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
146
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 148:
Credit risk
Wereldhave’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event that a counterparty fails to fulfil 
its obligations in relation to each class of recognized financial asset, including derivatives, is 
the carrying amount of those assets in the consolidated statement of financial position. 
Reference relating to the credit risk in the derivatives is made in Note 21.
Standard lease terms include that rent has to be paid upfront and every tenant’s 
creditworthiness is verified before entering a new lease. The credit risk related to lease 
contracts is mitigated by bank guarantees and deposits received from tenants. The maximum 
credit risk is the carrying amount less bank warranties and deposits received from tenants. 
Wereldhave monitors this creditworthiness per tenant and determines via management 
reports the adequacy of the provision for doubtful debtors.
The Group uses a provision matrix to measure the expected credit losses on trade receivables. 
Trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days 
past due to measure the expected credit losses. The provision matrix is initially based on the 
Group’s historical observed loss rates and adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking 
information, such as macroeconomic factors.
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected 
credit losses for trade receivables at 31 December 2023:
2023
(x € 1,000) Expected loss rate Gross carrying amount Provision
Due 0% 17,571 86
Past due less than 1 month 0% 312 -
Past due between 1 and 3 months 12% 1,563 188
Past due between 3 and 12 months 73% 7,282 5,285
Past due over 12 months 86% 7,700 6,591
Total 34,427 12,149
The movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables during the year was as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Balance at January 1 10,415 11,966
Amounts written off -456 -1,278
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 2,190 -273
Balance at December 31 12,149 10,415
Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery while 
taking into consideration deposits, guarantees and recoverable taxes. Indicators that there is 
no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure to make 
contractual payments for a period of greater than 90 days past due.
Sensitivity of credit risk on lease income
In case 1% of the annual rent is not paid, the effect on the gross rental income amounts to € 
1.5m (2022: € 1.4m) and € 0.04 (2022: € 0.03) on the result per share. If 10% of debtors 
would default on payment, this would impact results by a maximum of € 2.4m (2022: € 1.3m). 
As a result of such default, result per share would decrease by € 0.06 (2022 € 0.03).
Wereldhave’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event that a counterparty fails to fulfil 
its obligations in relation to each class of recognized financial asset, including derivatives, is 
the carrying amount of those assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.
To limit credit or counterparty risk, only financial institutions with an investment grade credit 
rating are eligible as counterparties for financial transactions.
Concentration of credit risk
Concentration of risk occurs when a single financial risk is borne by one party or when 
several financial risks are concentrated within one or a few parties. Wereldhave mitigates the 
concentration risk with regard to interest, currency and liquidity risk by concluding interest 
and currency derivatives and loans with several financial parties. The credit risk further 
reduced by the size and diversification of the tenant portfolio as a result of which there is no 
concentration of risk.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
147
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 149:
Maturity of and interest payable on debt
The maturity and interest payable of debt (up to 12 months including trade payables and 
derivative financial liabilities) and future contractual interest payments is as follows:
31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Principal Interest Total
- up to 1 year 153,585 28,553 182,138
- between 1 and 2 years 159,714 24,611 184,325
- between 2 and 5 years 468,839 46,270 515,109
- more than 5 years 169,979 7,359 177,338
Total 952,117 106,793 1,058,910
31 December 2022
- up to 1 year 149,345 18,991 168,336
- between 1 and 2 years 133,731 17,229 150,960
- between 2 and 5 years 449,222 33,156 482,378
- more than 5 years 138,418 11,084 149,502
Total 870,716 80,460 951,176
The difference between the sum of the nominal principal values and the carrying amount of 
€ 2.1m (2022: € 2.3m) consists of the amortized costs.
With regard to the interest on debt with variable interest rates, the rates prevailing at the 
balance sheet date have been used to determine the future outgoing cash flow. In addition 
to the financial liabilities mentioned above Wereldhave has a tenant deposit liability for an 
amount of € 8m (2022: € 6m). Tenants are obliged to deposit cash or give a guarantee 
when entering a lease contract.
Financial assets and liabilities
The table below gives an overview of financial assets and liabilities discussed in previous 
Notes. The first column shows the IFRS categories and subsequent columns the IFRS classes 
of financial instruments are shown.
(x € 1,000) Note Amortized cost
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit and loss Total
31 December 2023
Assets
Financial assets 8, 21 6,077 28,015 34,092
Trade and other receivables 9 49,308 - 49,308
Cash and cash equivalents 11 25,544 - 25,544
Total 80,929 28,015 108,944
Liabilities
Interest bearing debts 17 941,362 - 941,362
Tenants deposits 18 8,458 - 8,458
Lease liabilities 18 19,094 - 19,094
Derivative financial instruments 21 -  20,334  20,334
Trade payables 8,791 - 8,791
Total 977,705  20,334  998,039
31 December 2022
Assets
Financial assets 8, 21 2,665 39,694 42,359
Trade and other receivables 9 34,620 - 34,620
Cash and cash equivalents 11 14,353 - 14,353
Total 51,639 39,694 91,333
Liabilities
Interest bearing debts 17 856,803 - 856,803
Tenants deposits 18 5,911 - 5,911
Lease liabilities 18 16,468 - 16,468
Derivative financial instruments 21 - 17,546 17,546
Trade payables 11,571 - 11,571
Total 890,753 17,546 908,299
Fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal to the carrying amounts, unless 
mentioned otherwise in the separate Notes. There are no financial assets and liabilities held 
for trading at fair value that are accounted for through profit and loss.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
148
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 150:
Where applicable, specific risks and further characteristics per financial assets and liabilities
are discussed in the related Notes.
Off balance sheet assets and liabilities
The Group has contracted capital commitments for an amount of € 7m (2022: € 37m) with 
regard to investment properties under construction and nil (2022: € 4m) in regards to an 
office lease. The Group has undrawn committed credit facilities for an amount of € 127m 
(2022: € 266m).
The maturity of the off balance sheet liabilities is as follows:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
- up to 1 year 7,001 36,670
- between 1 and 5 years - 2,069
- > year 5 - 2,350
Total 7,001 41,088
23 Fair value measurement
The following table analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. 
The different levels are defined as follows:
Level 1
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
Level 3
Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, 
unobservable inputs).
There were no transfers between levels during the year under review.
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and 
liabilities:
Fair value measurement using
(x € 1,000) Total
Quoted 
prices (Level 1)
Observable 
input (Level 2)
Unobservable 
input (Level 3)
2023
Assets measured at fair value
Investment property in operation 2,147,816 - - 2,147,816
Investment property under construction 260 - - 260
Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments 27,882 - 27,882 -
Liabilities for which the fair value has 
been disclosed
Interest bearing debt 919,237 - 919,237 -
Derivative financial instruments 20,334 - 20,334 -
2022
Assets measured at fair value
Investment property in operation 1,963,904 - - 1,963,904
Investment property under construction 21,914 - - 21,914
Investments held for sale 688 - - 688
Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments 39,694 - 39,694 -
Liabilities for which the fair value has 
been disclosed
Interest bearing debt 813,986 - 813,986 -
Derivative financial instruments 17,546 - 17,546 -
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
149
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 151:
24 Gross rental income and service costs
Lease contracts specify the rent, the other rights and obligations of the lessor and the 
lessee, including notice and renewal options as well as service and operating cost charges. 
Lease contracts have various expiry terms and break clauses. Rent indexation is agreed in 
countries where indexation is usual or legally permitted.
Service cost paid relate mainly to energy, cleaning and security services provided to tenants. 
Service cost charged relates to the portion recovered from tenants. The service cost paid 
can be higher than service costs charged as costs are not always fully recoverable.
Rental losses as a result of vacancy, expressed as a percentage of theoretical rent, 
amounted to 7.2% in 2023 (2022: 7.4%).
Rental income based on turnover of the tenant amounts to 5.1% (2022: 4.7%) of gross  
rental income. Lease incentives provided to tenants amounts to 2.6% (2022: 2.8%) of gross 
rental income.
A change in the average occupancy rate by 0.5% results in a change of gross rental income 
by € 0.8m (excluding impact service costs).
The aggregate contractual rent from lease contracts as at 31 December 2023 is shown in the 
following table (lease contracts with turnover related clauses are accounted for assuming the 
base rent only):
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
- up to 1 year 150,732 138,124
- between 1 and 2 years 134,778 118,935
- between 2 and 3 years 121,269 105,987
- between 3 and 4 years 103,746 94,084
- between 4 and 5 years 86,369 79,539
- more than 5 years 218,721 234,552
25 Property expenses
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Property maintenance 735 1,007
Property taxes 3,709 3,480
Insurance premiums 1,141 822
Property management 7,251 6,122
Leasing expenses 835 606
Doubtful debt 2,190 -273
Promotion costs 5,524 5,551
Other operating costs 1,880 1,183
Total 23,265 18,498
Doubtful debt expenses increased over 2023 as there was a slight increase in ageing of the 
receivables older than 3 months. Refer to note 9.
Other operating costs includes amongst other parking costs.
26 Valuation results
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Investment properties in operation and investments held for sale
Valuation gains 43,697 21,419
Valuation losses -26,238 -25,486
Total 17,459 -4,067
Refer to note 5 for a split of the valuation result per country.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
150
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 152:
27 Results on disposals
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Properties Subsidiaries Total Properties Subsidiaries Total
Gross proceeds 9,863 - 9,863 4,050 - 4,050
Selling costs -174 -15 -189 -40 -65 -105
Net proceeds 9,688 -15 9,674 4,010 -65 3,945
- -
Book value -9,811 - -9,811 -4,070 -4,392 -8,462
Total -122 -15 -137 -60 -4,457 -4,517
The Company sold during 2023 the shopping center ‘The Box’ in Gent for € 7.5m, a unit in 
Tilburg for € 1.6m as well as a strip of smaller units in the Netherlands for € 0.7m.
28 General costs
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Salaries and social security contributions 15,791 13,679
Pension costs 1,421 1,294
Other employee costs 2,373 2,366
Audit and advisory fees 2,152 2,272
Office costs 2,749 3,284
Equity-settled share-based payments 1,752 1,421
Other general costs 7,620 7,777
33,856 32,092
Allocated and recharged -15,215 -14,722
Total 18,641 17,370
The allocation and recharges relate to expenses charged to third parties (€ 2.8m) and 
allocation of costs to property expenses (€ 6.1m) and developments projects (€ 6.3m).
Salaries and social security contributions in 2023 includes severance payments following the 
organizational changes in the Netherlands and Belgium of € 2.2m. Other general costs 
includes amongst other expenses relating to implementation of new IT systems of € 2.9m, 
depreciation on right-of-use assets of € 1.0m and listing related costs of € 1.8m.
During the year 2023 an average of 117 persons (2022: 118) based on full-time basis were 
employed by the Group, of which 61 (2022: 63) in the Netherlands and 56 (2022: 55) abroad.
Share schemes
The Company grants to the Board of Management and key employees a long-term incentive 
(“LTI”) in the form of performance shares. The performance shares are equity-settled. Vesting 
of these shares is conditional for 75% on the Relative Total Shareholder Returns and 25% on 
the GRESB score. The vesting and performance period is two years for employees and three 
years for the Board of Management. For the Board of Management a two year holding 
period is applicable after vesting.
The Company offers a share plan to employees which allows them to use their annual net 
short-term incentive amount to purchase shares of the Company. Bonus shares are granted 
to participating employees for which vesting is subject to continuous employment for two 
years after the grant date.
The performance and bonus shares are acquired on the market at grant date and held as 
treasury shares until such time the shares are vested. Forfeited shares are used for 
subsequent grants.
The fair value of the performance shares is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. The 
fair value takes into consideration the share price at grant date, expected volatility, 
risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, TSR correlation to peer group, performance period and 
vesting period. Non-market performance conditions in the schemes were not taken into 
account in measuring fair value.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
151
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 153:
The following schemes are in place at the end of the year:
Grant date Vesting date
Share price at 
grant date
Fair value per 
share
LTI Board of Management 2020 28-4-2020 28-4-2023 7.20 3.02
LTI Board of Management 2021 28-4-2021 28-4-2024 14.24 25.21
LTI Board of Management 2022 27-4-2022 27-4-2025 15.96 28.84
LTI Board of Management 2023 25-4-2023 25-4-2026 13.55 21.97
LTI Key employees 2021 28-4-2021 28-4-2023 14.24 25.04
LTI Key employees 2022 27-4-2022 27-4-2024 15.96 29.18
LTI Key employees 2023 25-4-2023 25-4-2025 13.55 21.83
Share plan employees 2022 26-4-2022 26-4-2024 16.90 16.90
Share plan employees 2023 24-4-2023 24-4-2025 14.74 14.74
The movements in performance shares during the year is as follows:
2023 2022
Outstanding at 1 January 223,781 146,594
Granted during the year 107,135 81,576
Vested during the year -60,997 -4,389
Forfeited during the year -55,747 -
Outstanding at 31 December 214,172 223,781
Audit fees
In 2023 Wereldhave N.V. and its subsidiaries have accounted for the following costs from the 
Group auditor KPMG:
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Audit of the Annual Accounts 754 620
Other assurance services 10 195
Total 764 815
KPMG provided, in addition to the statutory audit of the financial statements, assurance 
services in relation to ground rent settlements and the contribution in kind for the acquisition 
of Polderplein. The other assurance services are in compliance with Independence Regulations.
Of the total amount of audit fees € 425k (2022: € 406k) relates to the Netherlands. This 
consist of an amount of € 415k (2022: € 335k) for the audit of the Annual Accounts and 
€ 10k (2022: € 71k) for other audit activities. All fees are in compliance with the 
Independence Regulations.
29 Other income and expenses
Other income and expenses € -0.6m (2022: € -3.4m) relates to investment and divestment 
activities, project related and other costs that cannot be directly linked to the operational 
activities. In 2022 the cost mainly related to an aborted M&A transaction.
30 Net interest
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Interest paid -29,876 -22,984
Interest on lease liability -1,040 -932
Capitalized interest 601 811
Amortized costs loans -707 -450
Total interest charges -31,021 -23,555
Interest received - 45
Total -31,021 -23,510
Capitalized interest in connection with developments is based on the Group’s weighted 
average cost of debt. During 2023, the range of weighted average interest rates used was 
2.5% - 3.4% (2022: 2.2% - 2.3%). The average nominal interest rate at year end 2023 was 
3.5% (2022: 2.5%). The line item ‘interest paid’ includes costs related to fees paid for 
undrawn parts of committed financing facilities amounting to € 1.7m (2022: € 2.0m).
31 Other financial income and expenses
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Exchange rate differences -55 113
Fair value changes derivative instruments -3,793 13,694
Total -3,848 13,807
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
152
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 154:
The change in fair value during 2023 was primarily driven by a combined effect changes in 
interest rates and passage of time.
32 Income tax
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Result before tax 89,589 76,141
Income tax rate for REIT 0% 0%
Expected income tax for REIT - -
Tax effect of amounts not deductible (taxable) in calculating 
taxable income
Tax on non-REIT income -268 -179
Adjustment prior periods -12 45
Income tax -280 -134
Weighted average tax rate 0.3% 0.2%
For 2023 the current tax charge is € -0.3m (2022: € -0.1m) and the deferred tax charge was 
nil (2022: nil). The applicable tax rates for Group companies vary from 0% for tax-exempt 
entities up to 26%.
The weighted average tax rate varies yearly, mainly because the valuation results are taxed 
differently for the tax-exempt and tax-based countries. There are no tax effects relating to 
other comprehensive income or amounts directly credited to equity (2022: none).
33 Summarized financial information on subsidiaries
All subsidiaries are included in the consolidation. The proportion of voting rights held by the 
parent or by the Group companies in the subsidiaries do not differ from the proportion of 
ordinary shares held. The parent does not have any shareholding in preference shares of 
subsidiaries in the Group.
The total amount of non-controlling interest at year-end 2023 amounts to € 234.8m (2022: 
€ 237.6m).
List of Subsidiaries
Name
Corporate 
Seat
Proportion of 
ordinary 
shares held by 
parent (%)
Proportion of 
ordinary 
shares held by 
the group (%)
Proportion of 
ordinary shares 
held by non-
controlling 
interests (%)
West World Holding N.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands 100.00 - -
N.V. Wereldhave International
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands 100.00 - -
Wereldhave Nederland B.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands - 100.00 -
Wereldhave Development B.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands 100.00 - -
Relovast V B.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands - 100.00 -
Wereldhave Management Holding B.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands 100.00 - -
Wereldhave Management Nederland B.V.
Amsterdam, 
Netherlands - 100.00 -
NODA SAS Paris, France 100.00 - -
Wereldhave Retail France SAS Paris, France 100.00 - -
SAS WH Meriadeck Paris, France - 100.00 -
SCI du CC Bordeaux Prefecture Paris, France 0.01 99.99 -
SAS WH Coté Seine Paris, France - 100.00 -
SCI Marceau Coté Seine Paris, France 0.01 99.99 -
Wereldhave Belgium N.V.
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium 33.09 33.07 33.84
J-II N.V.
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium - 100.00 -
Waterloo Shopping BVBA
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium - 100.00 -
Ter Kamerenbos N.V.
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium - 100.00 -
Wereldhave Belgium Services N.V.
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium - 100.00 -
FD Company 5 B.V.
Vilvoorde, 
Belgium - 100.00 -
Espamad SLU
Madrid, 
Spain 100.00 - -
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
153
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 155:
Summarized financial information for Wereldhave Belgium
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Summarized balance sheet
Current assets 45,700 24,605
Current liabilities -75,599 -84,617
Total current net assets -29,899 -60,012
Non-current assets 969,168 968,693
Non-current liabilities -245,570 -206,737
Total non-current net assets 723,598 761,956
Net assets 693,699 701,944
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Summarized income statement
Revenue 64,343 60,846
Profit before income tax 29,294 55,276
Income tax expense/income -73 -46
Post tax profit from continuing operations 29,221 55,230
Other Comprehensive Income -131 839
Total Comprehensive Income 29,090 56,069
Total Comprehensive Income allocated to non-controlling interest 9,844 19,026
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest 12,653 12,151
Summarized cash flows
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 45,456 48,921
Interest paid -7,873 -4,611
Net cash generated from operating activities 37,583 44,310
Net cash used in investment activities -14,932 -21,321
Net cash used in financing activities -15,374 -18,113
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts 7,277 4,876
Cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts at beginning of the year 10,415 5,539
Cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts at end of the year 17,692 10,415
34 Transactions with shareholders
In 2023 there were no transactions with shareholders that affected profit and loss.
35 Result and diluted result per share upon full conversion
Result per share
The results per share are calculated based on the total result after tax, attributable to holders 
of ordinary shares and the average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Result attributable to shareholders of the company 79,421 57,265
Number of issued shares as at January 1 40,167,756 40,270,921
Effect of purchased shares for remuneration on weighted 
average -114,008 -199,039
Effect of shares issued during the year 266,687
Weighted average number of shares for fiscal year 40,320,434 40,071,882
Potential ordinary shares to be issued 68,493 95,874
Weighted average number of diluted shares for fiscal year 40,388,927 40,167,756
Basic earnings per share 1.97 1.43
Diluted earnings per share 1.97 1.43
The shares under the long-term incentive schemes are considered to be potential ordinary 
shares. These shares are included in the determination of diluted earnings per share if the 
required hurdles for Total Shareholders Return (“TSR”) and GRESB would have been met 
based on the company’s performance at 31 December 2023 and to the extent to which they 
are dilutive.
See Note 37 for the proposed dividend for 2023.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
154
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 156:
36 Net asset value per share
Net asset value per share
The net asset value per share is calculated based on equity as presented in the balance 
sheet as at 31 December and the number of shares issued as at that date.
2023 2022
Equity available for shareholders (x € 1,000) 964,481 885,682
Number of ordinary shares per 31 December 43,876,129 40,270,921
Purchased shares for remuneration -214,172 -223,781
Number of ordinary shares per 31 December for calculation net 
asset value 43,661,957 40,047,140
Potential ordinary shares to be issued 68,493 95,874
Number of ordinary shares diluted per 31 December for 
calculation net asset value 43,730,450 40,143,014
Net asset value per share (x € 1) 22.09 22.12
Net asset value per share diluted (x € 1) 22.06 22.06
37 Dividend
It is proposed to distribute to holders of ordinary shares a dividend of € 52m or € 1.20 per 
share in cash in order to meet the distribution obligations under Dutch tax law, subject to 
dividend withholding tax.
38 Related parties
The Board of Management, the Supervisory Board and subsidiaries of Wereldhave N.V. are 
considered to be related parties. The members of the Supervisory Board and of the Board of 
Management had no personal interest in any of the Company’s investments during the year.
Remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board members and the members of the Board of Management are 
considered to be key management personnel. The remuneration policy was last approved at 
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 24 April 2020. Remuneration is indexed 
annually with the consumer price index.
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
F. Dechesne 82 60
H. Brand 69 57
W. Bontes 42 -
A. Nühn - 68
Total 193 185
The members of the Supervisory Board do not hold shares or options in Wereldhave N.V. 
The Company has not issued loans, advances or financial guarantees to members of the 
Supervisory Board. Shares or options on shares have not been and will not be awarded to 
members of the Supervisory Board.
Remuneration of the members of the Board of Management
The remuneration of the Board of Management consists of a fixed component and a variable 
component. The variable component consist out of a short-term incentive (“STI”) and long-
term incentive (“LTI”). Refer for further details to the remuneration report on page 74 to 93.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
155
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 157:
2023 2022
(x € 1,000) M. Storm
A.W. 
de Vreede Total M. Storm
A.W. 
de Vreede Total
Fixed income 641 483 1,124 578 417 995
STI 368 265 633 277 200 477
LTI1 574 415 989 408 294 702
Pension and pension 
compensation 89 75 164 80 67 147
Company car and other 
fringe benefits 24 20 44 24 20 44
Extraordinary items 64 53 117 22 16 38
Social charges 15 15 29 13 13 26
Total 1,775  1,326  3,100  1,402  1,027  2,429
1 Expense during period for equity-settled share-based payments in accordance with accounting policies
Mr. Storm holds a total of 96,316 shares at 31 December 2023, of which 10,061 are 
unconditional or private investment and 6,980 are subject to a holding period. The current 
value of the shares owned by Mr. Storm amounts to € 1,392,729 based on the closing stock 
exchange price of € 14.46 per share as per 29 December 2023.
Mr. de Vreede holds a total of 70,261 shares at 31 December 2023, of which 8,000 are 
unconditional or private investment and 5,038 are subject to a holding period. The current 
fair value of the shares owned by Mr. de Vreede amounts to € 1,015,974 based on the 
closing stock exchange price of € 14.46 per share as per 29 December 2023.
The Company has not granted loans, advances or financial guarantees to members of the 
Board of Management. Related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those 
that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
39 Events after balance sheet date
There are no events after balance sheet date.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
156
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 158:
Company balance sheet
at 31 December 2023 (before profit appropriation)
(x € 1,000) Note 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Assets
Non-current assets
Financial assets 2 1,525,283 1,485,991
Derivative financial instruments 2,198 19,861
Total non-current assets 1,527,481 1,505,852
Current assets
Group companies receivable 482,443 392,989
Short term derivatives 13,775 919
Accruals 4,148 3,945
Other receivables 1,973 2,646
Tax receivables 343 2,308
Cash and cash equivalents 1,626 611
Total current assets 3 504,308 403,418
Total assets 2,031,789 1,909,270
(x € 1,000) Note 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Share capital 43,876 40,271
Share premium 1,759,213 1,711,033
General reserve -1,077,934 -1,087,922
Revaluation reserve 160,648 158,932
Hedge reserves -743 6,104
Result current year 79,421 57,265
Total equity 4 964,481 885,682
Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities 5 561,618 522,979
Derivative financial instruments 19,008 14,786
Total non-current liabilities 580,626 537,765
Current liabilities
Group companies payable 150,779 135,087
Short term liabilities 6 335,903 350,736
Total current liabilities 486,682 485,823
Total equity and liabilities 2,031,789 1,909,270
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
157
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Company financial statements

Page 159:
Company income statement
for the year ended 31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) Note 2023 2022
General costs 8 -4,992 -7,458
Other income and expense 9 -46 -2,162
Operating result -5,038 -9,620
Interest income 38,942 35,692
Interest charges -22,786 -19,369
Net interest 10 16,156 16,323
Other financial income and expenses 11 1,719 -1,639
Result before tax 12,837 5,064
Income tax -26 -89
Result from subsidiaries 2 66,610 52,290
Result 79,421 57,265
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
158
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 160:
Notes to the company financial statements
1 General
1.1 Principles for the presentation of the Company accounts
The Company accounts have been made up in accordance with the provisions of Title 9, 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The option provided by article 2:362 paragraph 8 of the Civil 
Code allows to apply the Company the same principles for determining profit and loss and 
balance sheet items (including the principles of accounting for financial instruments under 
shareholders’ equity or interest-bearing liabilities) as it applies in the consolidated accounts.
The consolidated financial statements of Wereldhave N.V. have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the 
European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Reference is 
made to the Notes to the consolidated annual accounts.
The annual accounts have been prepared before distribution of result with the exception 
where distribution is determined by law.
1.2 Interests in Group companies
Investments in subsidiaries and other entities in which the Group either exercises voting 
control or effective management responsibility are valued at net asset value. The initial 
processing in the accounts and valuations at balance sheet dates is made at the net asset 
value. The value is adjusted with the share of the Company in the results of the subsidiary, 
based on the principles for determining results as applied in the consolidated accounts and 
with the share in the other movements in equity of the subsidiary as from the date of 
acquisition, which are attributable to the Company. The net asset value is determined by 
valuing assets, provisions and liabilities and by determining results according to the 
principles which have been used in the consolidated accounts. interests with a negative net 
asset value are valued at nil. This measurement also covers any receivables provided to the 
interests that are, in substance, an extension of the net investment. In particular, this relates 
to loans for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future. 
A share in the profits of the interest in Group companies in subsequent years will only be 
recognized if and to the extent that the cumulative unrecognized share of loss has been 
absorbed. If the Company fully or partially guarantees the debts of the relevant interest, or 
has the constructive obligation to enable the interest to pay its debts (for its share therein), 
then a provision is recognized accordingly to the amount of the estimated payments by the 
Company on behalf of the interest.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
159
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Notes to the company financial statements

Page 161:
2 Financial assets
(x € 1,000)
Interests in Group 
companies
Receivables from 
Group companies Total
Cost of acquisition 987,799 1,634,182 2,621,981
Accumulated revaluations -345,223 - -345,223
Accumulated impairments - -397,778 -397,778
Balance at 1 January 2023 642,576 1,236,404 1,878,980
Movements:
Investments - 59,096 59,096
Capitalized interest - 25,071 25,071
Result from subsidiaries 66,610 - 66,610
Dividends -34,351 18,700 -15,651
Divestments - -7,057 -7,057
Impairments 9,493 -9,493 -
Other 677 - 677
Total changes for the period 42,429 86,317 128,746
Cost of acquisition 987,799 1,729,992 2,717,791
Accumulated revaluations -302,794 - -302,794
Accumulated impairments - -407,271 -407,271
Balance at 31 December 2023 685,005 1,322,721 2,007,726
Receivables from Group companies includes both long and short-term receivables. The 
portion of receivables from Group companies that classify as short-term are presented under 
current assets in the balance sheet.
List of subsidiaries
At 31 December 2023, the Company had direct shareholdings in the following companies:
Corporate Seat Name
Direct shareholding 
(%)
Indirect 
shareholding (%)
Amsterdam, Netherlands West World Holding N.V. 100.00
Amsterdam, Netherlands N.V. Wereldhave International 100.00
Vilvoorde, Belgium Wereldhave Belgium 33.09 33.07
Amsterdam, Netherlands Wereldhave Development B.V. 100.00
Amsterdam, Netherlands Wereldhave Management Holding B.V. 100.00
Paris, France NODA S.A.S. 100.00
Paris, France Wereldhave Retail France S.A.S. 100.00
Paris, France SCI du CC Bordeaux Prefecture 0.01 99.99
Paris, France SNC Marceau Coté Seine 0.01 99.99
Madrid, Spain Espamad SLU 100.00
3 Current assets
All current assets are due in less than one year. The fair value of the receivables coincides 
with the balance sheet valuation.
4 Equity
Share capital
The authorized share capital of the Company at 31 December 2023 amounts to € 150m 
divided over 75m ordinary shares of € 1 and 75m preference shares of € 1. The issued and 
paid up share capital amounts to € 44m, formed by 43,876,129 ordinary shares.
The number of treasury shares decreased in 2023 by 9.609 shares which is the net result of 
shares granted, vested and forfeited in relation to the various share schemes of the Board of 
Management and employees (2022: 77,187 purchased).
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
160
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 162:
The movements in equity during 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
(x € 1,000) Share capital
Share 
premium reserve General reserve
Revaluation 
reserve¹ Hedge reserve¹
Cost of hedging 
reserve¹
Result 
current year Total
Balance at 1 January 2022 40,271 1,711,033 -825,512 165,871 -356 1,766 -226,250 866,823
Result 2021 distribution - - -219,311 -6,939 - - 226,250 -
Effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges - - - - 5,493 - - 5,493
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - - - - - -800 -800
Shares purchased for remuneration - - -1,298 - - - - -1,298
Remeasurement of past employment obligations - - 515 - - - - 515
Equity-settled share-based payment - - 1,421 - - - - 1,421
Dividend over 2021 - - -44,140 - - - - -44,140
Result for the year ² - - - - - - 57,265 57,265
Change non-controlling interest - - 411 - - - - 411
Other - - -8 - - - - -8
Balance at 31 December 2022 40,271 1,711,033 -1,087,922 158,932 5,137 967 57,265 885,682
Balance at 1 January 2023 40,271 1,711,033 -1,087,922 158,932 5,137 967 57,265 885,682
Result 2022 distribution - - 55,549 1,716 - - -57,265 -
Effective portion of change in fair value 
of cash flow hedges - - - - -6,183 - - -6,183
Changes in fair value of cost of hedging - - - - - -664 - -664
Proceeds from share issue 3,605 48,180 - - - - - 51,785
Shares purchased for remuneration - - -731 - - - - -731
Remeasurement of past employment obligations - - -87 - - - - -87
Equity-settled share-based payment - - 1,752 - - - - 1,752
Dividend over 2022 - - -46,494 - - - - -46,494
Result for the year ² - - - - - - 79,421 79,421
Balance at 31 December 2023 43,876 1,759,213 -1,077,934 160,648 -1,046 303 79,421 964,481
1 Legal reserves.
2 The annual accounts have been prepared before distribution of result. With regard to the proposed result distribution reference is made to the next page.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
161
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 163:
Share premium
Share premium is paid up share capital in excess of nominal value. Share premium increased 
in 2023 by € 48.2m following the issuance of shares for the acquisition of Polderplein. There 
were no other changes in share premium in 2023. The amount of share premium that is 
recognized for tax purposes is € 1,764m (2022: € 1,716m).
General reserve
The General Meeting of Shareholders on 21 April 2023 determined the following allocation 
of the profit over 2022:
(x € 1,000)
Distributed to holders of ordinary shares 46,494
Revaluation reserve subsidiaries 1,716
General reserve 9,055
 Result after tax 57,265
Legal reserves
The revaluation reserve relates to the cumulative positive valuation results on property 
investments held by subsidiaries.
The hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value 
of hedging instruments designated as cash flow hedges where the hedged transaction has 
not yet occurred. The cost of hedging reserve comprises changes in the fair value of cross-
currency interest rate swaps that are caused by the cross-currency basic spreads.
Proposed distribution of results
It is proposed to distribute to the holders of 43,661,957 ordinary shares a dividend of € 1.20 
per share in cash in order to meet the distribution obligations under Dutch tax law, subject to 
dividend withholding tax. This results in a proposed dividend of € 52.4m for 2023. An 
amount of € 0.6m will be released from the revaluation reserve and the remaining result is 
added to the general reserve.
(in €m) 2023
Proposed dividend 52.4
Revaluation reserve subsidiaries -0.6
General reserve 27.6
Total profit 79.4
5 Interest-bearing liabilities
The maturity of interest-bearing liabilities (non-current and current) shows as follows:
31 December 2023
(x € 1,000) < 1 year 1 - 5 year >5 year
Total long 
term Total
31 December 
2022
Debt to financial institutions 101,389 421,726 139,892 561,618 663,007 601,003
Total 101,389 421,726 139,892 561,618 663,007 601,003
Capital repayments due within 12 months from the end of the financial year are included 
under short-term interest-bearing liabilities.
Average effective interest
2023 EUR GBP USD CAD Total
Short term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 2.9% - 4.3% - 3.9%
Interest rate swaps -2.3% - - - -2.3%
Long term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 4.2% 4.1% 5.1% 4.0% 4.3%
Cross currency interest rate swaps -1.0% - - - -1.0%
Average 4.1% 4.1% 4.8% 4.0% 3.7%
2022
Short term interest bearing debt
Bank loans and private placement 2.1% - 3.9% - 2.7%
Interest rate swaps -1.8% - - - -1.8%
Long term interest bearing debt
Bank loans, private placement and EMTN 2.9% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 3.6%
Cross currency interest rate swaps -1.4% - - - -1.4%
Average 2.7% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 2.8%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
162
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 164:
Fair value
The carrying amount and the fair value of long-term interest-bearing debts are as follows:
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
(x € 1,000)
carrying 
amount fair value
carrying 
amount fair value
Bank loans and private placements 561,618 543,953 522,979 486,538
Total 561,618 543,953 531,044 558,981
Currencies
There are loans closed in euro, pound sterling, US dollars and Canadian dollars.
6 Short-term liabilities
(x € 1,000) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Short term portion of long term debt 101,389 78,024
Creditors 50 281
Taxes on profit 67 21
Other debts 234,397 272,410
Total 335,903 350,736
Other debts includes bank overdrafts for € 224 million relating to cash pooling agreements 
with other group companies.
7 Off-balance sheet assets and liabilities
The Company has no off-balance sheets assets or liabilities.
8 General costs
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Salaries and social security contributions 3,596 2,905
Pension costs 55 49
Other employee costs 184 53
Audit and advisory fees 530 390
Office costs 221 244
Expenses recharged by group companies 4,326 7,500
Other general costs 747 968
9,659 12,109
Allocated and recharged -4,667 -4,651
-4,667 -4,651
Total 4,992 7,458
The allocation and recharges relate to expenses charged to third parties and allocation of 
costs to property expenses and development projects.
Employees
During 2023 the legal entity employed an average of 2 persons (2022: 2). The employees 
worked in the Netherlands.
Remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Board of 
Management
The Supervisory Board members and the members of the Board of Management are 
considered to be key management personnel. The remuneration policy was last approved at 
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 24 April 2020. Remuneration is indexed 
annually with the consumer price index.
9 Other income and expense
Other income and expenses € -0.1m (2022: € -2.2m) relate to investment and divestment 
activities, project related and other costs that cannot be directly linked to the 
operational activities.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
163
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 165:
10 Net interest
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Interest paid -22,223 -18,919
Amortized costs loans -563 -450
Total interest charges -22,786 -19,369
Interest received 38,942 35,692
Total 16,156 16,323
During 2023, the range of weighted average interest rates used was 2.8% - 3.5% (2022 2.6% 
- 2.8%). The average nominal interest rate at year end 2023 was 3.5% (2022: 2.8%). The line 
item ‘interest paid’ includes costs related to fees paid for undrawn parts of committed 
financing facilities amounting to € 1.5m (2022: € 1.4m). Interest received mainly relates to 
loans provided to subsidiaries.
11 Other financial income and expenses
(x € 1,000) 2023 2022
Exchange rate differences -58 110
Adjustments financial instruments 1,777 -1,749
Total 1,719 -1,639
12 Management and members of the Supervisory Board
For the remuneration of the members of the Board of Management and Supervisory Board 
reference is made to Note 38 in the consolidated annual accounts.
13 Related parties
All Group entities are treated as related parties. Reference is made to Note 38 in the 
consolidated annual accounts.
14 Contingencies
General guarantees as defined in Art. 403, Book 2 of the Dutch civil code have been given 
by the Company for a number of subsidiaries in the Netherlands.
The Company is the head of the corporate income tax and VAT units for which Dutch 
subsidiaries are also included. The Company is also jointly and severally liable for the tax 
units as a whole.
15 Events after balance sheet date
There are no events after balance sheet date that require recognition or disclosure in these 
financial statements.
Amsterdam, 13 March 2024
Supervisory Board
F. Dechesne
H. Brand
W. Bontes
Board of Management
M. Storm
A.W. de Vreede
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
164
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Other information

Page 166:
Other information
Rules for the distribution of results are set out in Article 26 of the Company’s Articles of 
Association. The preference shareholders have a first call on results in the form of a dividend 
distribution on the paid-up nominal share value at a percentage rate equal to the 
twelvemonth money market rate (European Interbank Offered Rates), valid for the first 
exchange day of the financial year concerned plus a surcharge of 1.5%, or if this amount is 
not available, as much is available from the distributable result. Distribution of the remaining 
balance available for distribution is determined by the Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders.
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
165
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Other information

Page 167:
 
KPMG Accountants N.V., a Dutch limited liability company registered with the trade register in the Netherlands under number 33263683, is a member firm of the global organization of 
independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent auditor's report 
 
To: the General Meeting of Shareholders and the Supervisory Board of 
Wereldhave N.V. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 31 December 2023 included in the 
annual report   
Our opinion 
In our opinion: 
• the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of Wereldhave N.V. as at 31 December 2023 and of its result and its cash flows for 
the year then ended, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
• the accompanying company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of Wereldhave N.V. as at 31 December 2023 and of its result for year then ended in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
What we have audited 
We have audited the financial statements 2023 of Wereldhave N.V. (the Company) based in 
Amsterdam. The financial statements include the consolidated financial statements and the 
company financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements comprise: 
1 the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023; 
2 the following consolidated statements for 2023: the income statement, the statements of 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows; and 
3 the notes comprising a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information. 
The company financial statements comprise: 
1 the company balance sheet as 31 December 2023; 
2 the company income statement for 2023; and 
3 the notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory 
information. 
  
 
KPMG Accountants N.V., a Dutch limited liability company registered with the trade register in the Netherlands under number 33263683, is a member firm of the global organization of 
independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent auditor's report 
 
To: the General Meeting of Shareholders and the Supervisory Board of 
Wereldhave N.V. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 31 December 2023 included in the 
annual report   
Our opinion 
In our opinion: 
• the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of Wereldhave N.V. as at 31 December 2023 and of its result and its cash flows for 
the year then ended, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
• the accompanying company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of Wereldhave N.V. as at 31 December 2023 and of its result for year then ended in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
What we have audited 
We have audited the financial statements 2023 of Wereldhave N.V. (the Company) based in 
Amsterdam. The financial statements include the consolidated financial statements and the 
company financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements comprise: 
1 the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023; 
2 the following consolidated statements for 2023: the income statement, the statements of 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows; and 
3 the notes comprising a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information. 
The company financial statements comprise: 
1 the company balance sheet as 31 December 2023; 
2 the company income statement for 2023; and 
3 the notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory 
information. 
  
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
166
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements
Auditor’s report

Page 168:
2 
Basis for our opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on 
Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Our 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. 
We are independent of Wereldhave N.V. in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant 
independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the 
‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).  
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The information in respect of going concern, fraud and 
non-compliance with laws and regulations, climate related risks and the key audit matters were 
addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these 
matters. 
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
Information in support of our opinion 
Summary 
Materiality 
• Materiality of EUR 15 million
• 0.72% of total assets
• Lower materiality for results from net rental income: EUR 7.5 million
Group audit 
• Full scope audit of all significant components performed by KPMG auditors
• Audit coverage of 100% of investment property
• Audit coverage of 100% of rental income
Risk of material misstatements related to Fraud, NOCLAR, Going concern and Climate 
risks 
Fraud risks: management override of controls is a presumed fraud risk  and further described 
in the section ‘Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws and 
regulations’. Also a fraud risk is identified regarding the risk of possible corruption due to 
involvement of agents and/or advisors in relation to acquisitions and disposals of investment 
property. 
2 
Basis for our opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on 
Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Our 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. 
We are independent of Wereldhave N.V. in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant 
independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the 
‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).  
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The information in respect of going concern, fraud and 
non-compliance with laws and regulations, climate related risks and the key audit matters were 
addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these 
matters. 
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
Information in support of our opinion 
Summary 
Materiality 
• Materiality of EUR 15 million
• 0.72% of total assets
• Lower materiality for results from net rental income: EUR 7.5 million
Group audit 
• Full scope audit of all significant components performed by KPMG auditors
• Audit coverage of 100% of investment property
• Audit coverage of 100% of rental income
Risk of material misstatements related to Fraud, NOCLAR, Going concern and Climate 
risks 
Fraud risks: management override of controls is a presumed fraud risk  and further described 
in the section ‘Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws and 
regulations’. Also a fraud risk is identified regarding the risk of possible corruption due to 
involvement of agents and/or advisors in relation to acquisitions and disposals of investment 
property. 
3 
• Non-compliance with laws and regulations (NOCLAR) risks: reportable risk of material
misstatements related to non-compliance with laws and regulations identified and further
described in the section ‘Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws
and regulations’;
• Going concern risks: no going concern risks identified;
• Climate risks: We have considered the impact of climate-related risks on the financial
statements and described our approach and observations in the section ‘Audit response to
climate-related risks’.
Key audit matters 
• Valuation of investment property
• Real estate transactions
Materiality 
Based on our professional judgement we determined the materiality for the financial statements 
as a whole at EUR 15 million (2022: EUR 11 million). The materiality is determined with 
reference to total assets 0.72% (2022: 0.52%). We consider total assets as the most appropriate 
benchmark because of the nature of the business, the level of activities and asset value is likely 
the primary focus of the users of the financial statements evaluating Wereldhave N.V.’s financial 
performance. Materiality changed compared to last year due to increase of the total assets. We 
have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion 
are material for the users of the financial statements for qualitative reasons.  
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements identified during our audit in excess of 
EUR 600,000 (2022: EUR 440,000) would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements 
that in our view must be reported on qualitative reasons. 
Scope of the group audit 
Wereldhave N.V. is at the head of a group of components. The financial information of this group 
is included in the financial statements of Wereldhave N.V.  
Our group audit mainly focused on significant components. The group manages its investment 
property through its subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Belgium and France. Our group audit 
scoping was mainly based on the accounts investment property and rental income. We 
determined the significant components based on the relative size and risk profile of the accounts 
investment property where we assigned a full scope audit (audit of the complete reporting 
package). For these significant components in the context of the Group’s financial statements we 
have used KPMG audit teams in each country to perform an audit of the financial information of 
the operating companies in these countries. The audits performed in these countries covered the 
entire investment property portfolio and the related rental income.  
Because we are ultimately responsible for the audit opinion, we are also responsible for 
directing, supervising and performing the group audit. In this respect we have determined the 
nature and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for operating companies and issued 
audit instructions to local auditors. As group auditor we were involved in the full-scope audits 
performed by local auditors of the subsidiaries.  
2 
Basis for our opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on 
Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Our 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. 
We are independent of Wereldhave N.V. in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant 
independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the 
‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).  
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The information in respect of going concern, fraud and 
non-compliance with laws and regulations, climate related risks and the key audit matters were 
addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these 
matters. 
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
Information in support of our opinion 
Summary 
Materiality 
• Materiality of EUR 15 million
• 0.72% of total assets
• Lower materiality for results from net rental income: EUR 7.5 million
Group audit 
• Full scope audit of all significant components performed by KPMG auditors
• Audit coverage of 100% of investment property
• Audit coverage of 100% of rental income
Risk of material misstatements related to Fraud, NOCLAR, Going concern and Climate 
risks 
Fraud risks: management override of controls is a presumed fraud risk  and further described 
in the section ‘Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws and 
regulations’. Also a fraud risk is identified regarding the risk of possible corruption due to 
involvement of agents and/or advisors in relation to acquisitions and disposals of investment 
property. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
167
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 169:
3 
• Non-compliance with laws and regulations (NOCLAR) risks: reportable risk of material
misstatements related to non-compliance with laws and regulations identified and further
described in the section ‘Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws
and regulations’;
• Going concern risks: no going concern risks identified;
• Climate risks: We have considered the impact of climate-related risks on the financial
statements and described our approach and observations in the section ‘Audit response to
climate-related risks’.
Key audit matters 
• Valuation of investment property
• Real estate transactions
Materiality 
Based on our professional judgement we determined the materiality for the financial statements 
as a whole at EUR 15 million (2022: EUR 11 million). The materiality is determined with 
reference to total assets 0.72% (2022: 0.52%). We consider total assets as the most appropriate 
benchmark because of the nature of the business, the level of activities and asset value is likely 
the primary focus of the users of the financial statements evaluating Wereldhave N.V.’s financial 
performance. Materiality changed compared to last year due to increase of the total assets. We 
have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion 
are material for the users of the financial statements for qualitative reasons.  
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements identified during our audit in excess of 
EUR 600,000 (2022: EUR 440,000) would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements 
that in our view must be reported on qualitative reasons. 
Scope of the group audit 
Wereldhave N.V. is at the head of a group of components. The financial information of this group 
is included in the financial statements of Wereldhave N.V.  
Our group audit mainly focused on significant components. The group manages its investment 
property through its subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Belgium and France. Our group audit 
scoping was mainly based on the accounts investment property and rental income. We 
determined the significant components based on the relative size and risk profile of the accounts 
investment property where we assigned a full scope audit (audit of the complete reporting 
package). For these significant components in the context of the Group’s financial statements we 
have used KPMG audit teams in each country to perform an audit of the financial information of 
the operating companies in these countries. The audits performed in these countries covered the 
entire investment property portfolio and the related rental income.  
Because we are ultimately responsible for the audit opinion, we are also responsible for 
directing, supervising and performing the group audit. In this respect we have determined the 
nature and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for operating companies and issued 
audit instructions to local auditors. As group auditor we were involved in the full-scope audits 
performed by local auditors of the subsidiaries.  
4 
Our involvement included, amongst others the following: 
• issuing audit instructions to component auditors prescribing the scope of the audit procedures 
to be performed, our risk assessment, materiality to be applied and reporting requirements;
• participation in planning discussions with component auditors;
• attending virtual meetings with the component auditors to discuss the results of component 
audits and discussions on the valuation of investment property;
• follow up on reported audit findings;
• review of the component audit files and verification that the audit work had been carried out in 
accordance with our instructions.
We have: 
• performed centralized procedures relating to the IT environment and going concern
assessment;
• performed audit procedures ourselves at Wereldhave Netherlands B.V.;
• performed audit procedures ourselves at group level on the standalone figures of
Wereldhave N.V.
For the residual population not in scope we performed analytical procedures in order to 
corroborate that our scoping remained appropriate throughout the audit.  
By performing the procedures mentioned above at group components, together with additional 
procedures at group level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence 
about the group’s financial information to provide an opinion about the financial statements.  
The audit coverage as stated in the section summary can be further specified as follows: 
• Audit coverage of 100% of investment property; and
• Audit coverage of 100% of rental income.
Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations 
In chapter ‘Risk management and internal controls’ of the annual report, the Board of 
Management describes its procedures in respect of the risk of fraud and non-compliance with 
laws and regulations and the supervisory board reflects on this.  
As part of our audit, we have gained insights into the Company and its business environment, 
and assessed the design and implementation of the Company’s risk management in relation to 
fraud and non-compliance. Our procedures included, among other things, assessing the 
Company’s code of conduct, whistleblowing procedures, incidents register and its procedures to 
investigate indications of possible fraud and non-compliance.  
Furthermore, we performed relevant inquiries with management, those charged with governance 
and other relevant functions, such as Internal Audit, Legal Counsel and Compliance. As part of 
our audit procedures, we:  
• assessed other positions held by Board of Management members and/or other employees
and paid special attention to procedures and governance/compliance in view of possible
conflicts of interest;
• evaluated investigation reports, if any, on indications of possible fraud and non-compliance;
4 
Our involvement included, amongst others the following: 
• issuing audit instructions to component auditors prescribing the scope of the audit procedures 
to be performed, our risk assessment, materiality to be applied and reporting requirements;
• participation in planning discussions with component auditors;
• attending virtual meetings with the component auditors to discuss the results of component 
audits and discussions on the valuation of investment property;
• follow up on reported audit findings;
• review of the component audit files and verification that the audit work had been carried out in 
accordance with our instructions.
We have: 
• performed centralized procedures relating to the IT environment and going concern
assessment;
• performed audit procedures ourselves at Wereldhave Netherlands B.V.;
• performed audit procedures ourselves at group level on the standalone figures of
Wereldhave N.V.
For the residual population not in scope we performed analytical procedures in order to 
corroborate that our scoping remained appropriate throughout the audit.  
By performing the procedures mentioned above at group components, together with additional 
procedures at group level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence 
about the group’s financial information to provide an opinion about the financial statements.  
The audit coverage as stated in the section summary can be further specified as follows: 
• Audit coverage of 100% of investment property; and
• Audit coverage of 100% of rental income.
Audit response to the risk of fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations 
In chapter ‘Risk management and internal controls’ of the annual report, the Board of 
Management describes its procedures in respect of the risk of fraud and non-compliance with 
laws and regulations and the supervisory board reflects on this.  
As part of our audit, we have gained insights into the Company and its business environment, 
and assessed the design and implementation of the Company’s risk management in relation to 
fraud and non-compliance. Our procedures included, among other things, assessing the 
Company’s code of conduct, whistleblowing procedures, incidents register and its procedures to 
investigate indications of possible fraud and non-compliance.  
Furthermore, we performed relevant inquiries with management, those charged with governance 
and other relevant functions, such as Internal Audit, Legal Counsel and Compliance. As part of 
our audit procedures, we:  
• assessed other positions held by Board of Management members and/or other employees
and paid special attention to procedures and governance/compliance in view of possible
conflicts of interest;
• evaluated investigation reports, if any, on indications of possible fraud and non-compliance;
 
5 
 
• evaluated correspondence with supervisory authorities and regulators, such as the AFM, as 
well as legal confirmation letters.  
In addition, we performed procedures to obtain an understanding of the legal and regulatory 
frameworks that are applicable to the Company and identified the following areas as those most 
likely to have a material effect on the financial statements:  
• anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations.  
We, together with our forensic specialists, evaluated the fraud and non-compliance risk factors to 
consider whether those factors indicate a risk of material misstatement in the financial 
statements.  
Based on the above and on the auditing standards, we identified two fraud risks that are relevant 
to our audit, including the relevant presumed risk laid down in the auditing standards. A fraud risk 
is identified in relation to possible corruption risks which relate to acquisitions and disposals of 
investment property. The other risk identified is the presumed fraud risk of management override 
of controls.  
Management override of controls (a presumed risk)  
Risk:  
• Management is in a unique position to manipulate accounting records and prepare fraudulent 
financial statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear to be operating effectively.  
Responses:  
• We evaluated the design and the implementation of internal controls that mitigate fraud risks, 
such as processes related to journal entries and estimates.  
• We performed a data analysis of high-risk journal entries (adjustments to initially recorded 
changes in fair value of investment property above a threshold) which were subject to the 
examination of our valuation experts and evaluated the key estimates with respect to 
valuation of investment property and judgments for bias by the Board of Management 
including retrospective reviews of prior year estimates. Where we identified instances of 
unexpected journal entries or other risks through our data analytics, we performed additional 
audit procedures to address each identified risk, including testing of transactions back to 
source information.  
• We have identified and evaluated relevant entity level controls (control environment, risk 
assessment process, communication and monitoring of controls).  
• We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit, which amongst others included 
samples regarding investment property valuations and the assessment whether unexplained 
transactions have occurred before or after the disposition of the property.  
• We have inquired the (group) accounting staff whether they have been requested to make 
improper accounting entries.  
We communicated our risk assessment, audit responses and results to management and the 
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
Our audit procedures did not reveal indications and/or reasonable suspicion of fraud and non-
compliance that are considered material for our audit. 
  
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
168
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 170:
 
5 
 
• evaluated correspondence with supervisory authorities and regulators, such as the AFM, as 
well as legal confirmation letters.  
In addition, we performed procedures to obtain an understanding of the legal and regulatory 
frameworks that are applicable to the Company and identified the following areas as those most 
likely to have a material effect on the financial statements:  
• anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations.  
We, together with our forensic specialists, evaluated the fraud and non-compliance risk factors to 
consider whether those factors indicate a risk of material misstatement in the financial 
statements.  
Based on the above and on the auditing standards, we identified two fraud risks that are relevant 
to our audit, including the relevant presumed risk laid down in the auditing standards. A fraud risk 
is identified in relation to possible corruption risks which relate to acquisitions and disposals of 
investment property. The other risk identified is the presumed fraud risk of management override 
of controls.  
Management override of controls (a presumed risk)  
Risk:  
• Management is in a unique position to manipulate accounting records and prepare fraudulent 
financial statements by overriding controls that otherwise appear to be operating effectively.  
Responses:  
• We evaluated the design and the implementation of internal controls that mitigate fraud risks, 
such as processes related to journal entries and estimates.  
• We performed a data analysis of high-risk journal entries (adjustments to initially recorded 
changes in fair value of investment property above a threshold) which were subject to the 
examination of our valuation experts and evaluated the key estimates with respect to 
valuation of investment property and judgments for bias by the Board of Management 
including retrospective reviews of prior year estimates. Where we identified instances of 
unexpected journal entries or other risks through our data analytics, we performed additional 
audit procedures to address each identified risk, including testing of transactions back to 
source information.  
• We have identified and evaluated relevant entity level controls (control environment, risk 
assessment process, communication and monitoring of controls).  
• We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit, which amongst others included 
samples regarding investment property valuations and the assessment whether unexplained 
transactions have occurred before or after the disposition of the property.  
• We have inquired the (group) accounting staff whether they have been requested to make 
improper accounting entries.  
We communicated our risk assessment, audit responses and results to management and the 
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
Our audit procedures did not reveal indications and/or reasonable suspicion of fraud and non-
compliance that are considered material for our audit. 
  
6 
Fraud risk in relation to acquisition and disposals of investment properties 
Risk:  
• In relation to acquisitions and disposals of investment properties a potential fraud risk and
corruption risk is identified to possible disproportional payments and use of agents and/or
advisors in connection with transactions, obtaining permits and rationale of the transactions.
Responses: 
• in respect of fraud risks related to transactions in relation to the acquisition and disposals of
investment property, component auditors obtained an understanding of management’s anti-
fraud controls (amongst others counterparty due diligence, four-eyes principle, procurement
procedures for development/construction contracts).
• We obtained and inspected contracts ourselves in order to understand the nature of the
transaction.
• performed substantive procedures on individual material acquisitions and disposals including
verifying transfers of ownership in the land registry, verifying rationale on agents and/or
advisors involved and fees involved in the transaction to identify possible indications of fraud
and corruption.
• at Group level we reviewed minutes of board meetings in which the transactions are
discussed and approved by Management.
Audit response to going concern 
As mentioned in note 3.1 to the financial statements, the Board of Management has performed 
its going concern assessment and has not identified any going concern risks. To assess the 
management board’s assessment, we have performed, inter alia, the following procedures:  
• We considered whether the management’s assessment of the going concern risks included
all relevant information of which we are aware of as a result of our audit;
• We assessed whether developments in share price, including the discount in comparison with
the net asset value per share, indicates a significant going concern risk;
• We analysed the Company’s financial position as at year end and compared it to previous
financial year in terms of indicators that could identify significant going concern risks;
• We evaluated and challenged the reasonableness of the assumptions in respect of projected
liquidity, including loan covenant compliance, available future cash flows from operating,
financing and investing activities and projected key ratios for the future covenant calculations.
The outcome of our risk assessment procedures did not give reason to perform additional audit 
procedures on management’s going concern assessment. 
Audit response to climate-related risks 
The company has set out its ambitions relating to climate change in the chapter ‘A Better 
Tomorrow’ of the annual report. The Company’s ambition is in line with the Paris Agreement to 
reduce carbon emission with 30% by 2030 and become carbon neutral by 2045 in all scopes 
covering all its activities.  
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
169
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 171:
6 
Fraud risk in relation to acquisition and disposals of investment properties 
Risk:  
• In relation to acquisitions and disposals of investment properties a potential fraud risk and
corruption risk is identified to possible disproportional payments and use of agents and/or
advisors in connection with transactions, obtaining permits and rationale of the transactions.
Responses: 
• in respect of fraud risks related to transactions in relation to the acquisition and disposals of
investment property, component auditors obtained an understanding of management’s anti-
fraud controls (amongst others counterparty due diligence, four-eyes principle, procurement
procedures for development/construction contracts).
• We obtained and inspected contracts ourselves in order to understand the nature of the
transaction.
• performed substantive procedures on individual material acquisitions and disposals including
verifying transfers of ownership in the land registry, verifying rationale on agents and/or
advisors involved and fees involved in the transaction to identify possible indications of fraud
and corruption.
• at Group level we reviewed minutes of board meetings in which the transactions are
discussed and approved by Management.
Audit response to going concern 
As mentioned in note 3.1 to the financial statements, the Board of Management has performed 
its going concern assessment and has not identified any going concern risks. To assess the 
management board’s assessment, we have performed, inter alia, the following procedures:  
• We considered whether the management’s assessment of the going concern risks included
all relevant information of which we are aware of as a result of our audit;
• We assessed whether developments in share price, including the discount in comparison with
the net asset value per share, indicates a significant going concern risk;
• We analysed the Company’s financial position as at year end and compared it to previous
financial year in terms of indicators that could identify significant going concern risks;
• We evaluated and challenged the reasonableness of the assumptions in respect of projected
liquidity, including loan covenant compliance, available future cash flows from operating,
financing and investing activities and projected key ratios for the future covenant calculations.
The outcome of our risk assessment procedures did not give reason to perform additional audit 
procedures on management’s going concern assessment. 
Audit response to climate-related risks 
The company has set out its ambitions relating to climate change in the chapter ‘A Better 
Tomorrow’ of the annual report. The Company’s ambition is in line with the Paris Agreement to 
reduce carbon emission with 30% by 2030 and become carbon neutral by 2045 in all scopes 
covering all its activities.  
 
7 
 
Management has assessed, against the background of the company’s business and operations 
at a high level how climate-related risks and opportunities and the Company’s own ambitions 
could have a significant impact on its business or could impose the need to adapt its strategy 
and operations. Management has considered the impact of both transition and physical risks on 
the financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework, more 
specifically the valuation of investment property, as described in section ‘Strategic objectives of 
our strategy’ of the annual report.  
Management prepared the financial statements, considering whether the implications from 
climate-related risks and ambitions have been appropriately accounted for and disclosed and 
concluded that climate-related risks and ambitions do not have a material impact on the current 
financial statements. As part of our audit, we performed a risk assessment of the impact of 
climate-related risk and the ambitions of the Company in respect of climate change on the 
financial statements and our audit approach. In doing this we performed the following:  
• Understanding the Company’s processes: we held inquiries with the Board of Management 
and the group manager ESG who is responsible for the climate risk assessment within the 
Company and inspected Board minutes, presentations and risk assessments. The purpose is 
to understand the client’s risk assessment and the climate roadmap to become carbon 
neutral in all scopes by 2045. The Company has performed a physical climate risk 
assessment including scenario analysis, but the preparation of the climate roadmap is in 
progress. Further, we assessed how this ambition was translated into investment decisions 
and the related potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the Company’s 
annual report and financial statements.  
• We have evaluated climate related fraud risk factors such as pressure as a result of variable 
remuneration and expectations from external stakeholders to meet ESG/climate risk related 
targets.  
• We have inquired with the external appraisers and inspected the external valuation reports to 
understand how potential climate related risks could be of impact on yields used or impact on 
different categories of investment properties’ methods/models to account fair value of 
investment property.  
Based on the procedures above we concluded that climate related risks have no material impact 
on the 2023 financial statements under the requirements of EU-IFRS and no material impact on 
our key audit matters.  
Furthermore we have read the other information presented in the annual report supplementing 
the financial statements with respect to climate-related risks and considered whether such 
information contains material inconsistencies with the financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained through the audit. 
Our key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most 
significance in our audit of the financial statements. We have communicated the key audit 
matters to management and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The key audit 
matters are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
 
7 
 
Management has assessed, against the background of the company’s business and operations 
at a high level how climate-related risks and opportunities and the Company’s own ambitions 
could have a significant impact on its business or could impose the need to adapt its strategy 
and operations. Management has considered the impact of both transition and physical risks on 
the financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework, more 
specifically the valuation of investment property, as described in section ‘Strategic objectives of 
our strategy’ of the annual report.  
Management prepared the financial statements, considering whether the implications from 
climate-related risks and ambitions have been appropriately accounted for and disclosed and 
concluded that climate-related risks and ambitions do not have a material impact on the current 
financial statements. As part of our audit, we performed a risk assessment of the impact of 
climate-related risk and the ambitions of the Company in respect of climate change on the 
financial statements and our audit approach. In doing this we performed the following:  
• Understanding the Company’s processes: we held inquiries with the Board of Management 
and the group manager ESG who is responsible for the climate risk assessment within the 
Company and inspected Board minutes, presentations and risk assessments. The purpose is 
to understand the client’s risk assessment and the climate roadmap to become carbon 
neutral in all scopes by 2045. The Company has performed a physical climate risk 
assessment including scenario analysis, but the preparation of the climate roadmap is in 
progress. Further, we assessed how this ambition was translated into investment decisions 
and the related potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the Company’s 
annual report and financial statements.  
• We have evaluated climate related fraud risk factors such as pressure as a result of variable 
remuneration and expectations from external stakeholders to meet ESG/climate risk related 
targets.  
• We have inquired with the external appraisers and inspected the external valuation reports to 
understand how potential climate related risks could be of impact on yields used or impact on 
different categories of investment properties’ methods/models to account fair value of 
investment property.  
Based on the procedures above we concluded that climate related risks have no material impact 
on the 2023 financial statements under the requirements of EU-IFRS and no material impact on 
our key audit matters.  
Furthermore we have read the other information presented in the annual report supplementing 
the financial statements with respect to climate-related risks and considered whether such 
information contains material inconsistencies with the financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained through the audit. 
Our key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most 
significance in our audit of the financial statements. We have communicated the key audit 
matters to management and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The key audit 
matters are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
 
8 
 
Compared to last year the key audit matter with respect to valuation of derivatives  has been 
removed, as there are no material activities in 2023.  
 
Valuation of Investment property 
Description 
Investment property amounts to EUR 2.2 billion and represent 95% of the Group’s total assets 
as at 31 December 2023. Investment property is valued at fair value; therefore, the Group has 
to make estimates and use assumptions to determine those fair values. The fair value is, as 
explained in note 5 to the financial statements, determined by the Board of Management 
based on appraisal reports by an independent appraiser.  
Because the valuation of investment property is complex and highly dependent on estimates 
and significant assumptions (such as estimated rental value and yield/discount rate) and the 
availability of comparable transactions, we consider the valuation of investment property as a 
key audit matter in our audit. 
Our response 
With involvement of KPMG auditors in the Netherlands, France and Belgium, our procedures 
for the valuation of investment property included:  
• assessment of the valuation process with respect to the investment property as at 
31 December 2023, including an evaluation of the design and implementation of related 
internal controls and test of details;  
• local audit teams verified whether lease data provided to the appraisers is consistent with 
the property management systems, and whether any significant changes have occurred 
since providing the data to the appraisers;  
• assessment of the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the external appraisal firms; 
• involvement of our property valuation experts to verify the appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology and determine the mathematical accuracy of the valuation model;  
• additionally, our property valuation experts verified the appropriateness of key assumptions 
in the valuation process, which consists of estimated rental values and yields/discount 
rates. This includes an assessment of the historical accuracy of the assumptions in 
previous periods, our understanding of the market and market developments and a 
comparison of assumptions and movements therein with publicly available data;  
• discussion of the results of the valuation process and our findings and observations with 
management and the appraisal firms; and 
• evaluation of the adequacy of the related disclosures in relation to the requirements of EU-
IFRS, including the adequate disclosure of the material valuation uncertainty statements in 
the applicable independent external valuation reports. 
Our observation 
Overall, we assess that the assumptions and methodologies used, and related estimates 
resulted in a balanced valuation of investment property and concur with the related disclosures 
in the financial statements. 
 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
170
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 172:
 
8 
 
Compared to last year the key audit matter with respect to valuation of derivatives  has been 
removed, as there are no material activities in 2023.  
 
Valuation of Investment property 
Description 
Investment property amounts to EUR 2.2 billion and represent 95% of the Group’s total assets 
as at 31 December 2023. Investment property is valued at fair value; therefore, the Group has 
to make estimates and use assumptions to determine those fair values. The fair value is, as 
explained in note 5 to the financial statements, determined by the Board of Management 
based on appraisal reports by an independent appraiser.  
Because the valuation of investment property is complex and highly dependent on estimates 
and significant assumptions (such as estimated rental value and yield/discount rate) and the 
availability of comparable transactions, we consider the valuation of investment property as a 
key audit matter in our audit. 
Our response 
With involvement of KPMG auditors in the Netherlands, France and Belgium, our procedures 
for the valuation of investment property included:  
• assessment of the valuation process with respect to the investment property as at 
31 December 2023, including an evaluation of the design and implementation of related 
internal controls and test of details;  
• local audit teams verified whether lease data provided to the appraisers is consistent with 
the property management systems, and whether any significant changes have occurred 
since providing the data to the appraisers;  
• assessment of the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the external appraisal firms; 
• involvement of our property valuation experts to verify the appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology and determine the mathematical accuracy of the valuation model;  
• additionally, our property valuation experts verified the appropriateness of key assumptions 
in the valuation process, which consists of estimated rental values and yields/discount 
rates. This includes an assessment of the historical accuracy of the assumptions in 
previous periods, our understanding of the market and market developments and a 
comparison of assumptions and movements therein with publicly available data;  
• discussion of the results of the valuation process and our findings and observations with 
management and the appraisal firms; and 
• evaluation of the adequacy of the related disclosures in relation to the requirements of EU-
IFRS, including the adequate disclosure of the material valuation uncertainty statements in 
the applicable independent external valuation reports. 
Our observation 
Overall, we assess that the assumptions and methodologies used, and related estimates 
resulted in a balanced valuation of investment property and concur with the related disclosures 
in the financial statements. 
 
 
9 
 
Real estate transactions 
Description  
As part of the normal course of business real estate transactions (acquisitions and disposals of 
investment property) take place. Acquisitions and disposals of investment property are 
significant transactions which are subject to error due to the nature of these transactions. 
Transactions often involve a variable consideration (earn-outs, rental guarantees, etc.) and are 
structured as asset deals or share deals (depending on tax considerations). In addition to the 
risk of error, a fraud risk is identified in relation to the use of agents and/or business partners 
related to real estate transactions and related potential conflicts of interest.  
We selected the acquisitions of Polderplein and Roselaar and the disposal of The Box to be in 
scope for both the risk of error and risk of fraud. These transactions are disclosed in note 5 to 
the financial statements. 
Given the size and complex nature of these transactions we consider the accounting for these 
real estate transactions to be a key audit matter.  
Our response  
With the involvement of the KPMG component auditors in Netherlands and Belgium, we 
performed audit procedures in respect of the real estate transactions to ensure these 
transactions are accurately accounted for. These procedures included obtaining an 
understanding of the transaction agreement, related cash movements and testing of the 
accounting entries to record the disposal.  
In respect of the fraud risk related to real estate transactions, local auditors obtained an 
understanding of management’s anti-fraud controls (for example, counterparty due diligence, 
four-eyes principle). Further we performed procedures, such as the evaluation of fees and 
commissions paid, to verify whether there was any indication of a conflict of interest.  
At group level, we also inspected minutes of Board of Management meetings in which these 
transactions are discussed to verify that the governance around the transactions is 
appropriate, and the required approvals are obtained.  
Finally, we verified whether the disclosures in Notes 5 to the financial statements in respect of 
investment property transactions are in conformity with EU-IFRS.  
Our observation  
Overall, we assess that the transactions are adequately accounted for and disclosed in the 
financial statements. Furthermore, based on our procedures of the transactions, we did not 
identify indications of possible conflict of interest. 
Report on the other information included in the annual report  
In addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, the annual report 
contains other information. 
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information: 
• is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements; and 
• contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the 
management report and other information. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
171
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 173:
 
9 
 
Real estate transactions 
Description  
As part of the normal course of business real estate transactions (acquisitions and disposals of 
investment property) take place. Acquisitions and disposals of investment property are 
significant transactions which are subject to error due to the nature of these transactions. 
Transactions often involve a variable consideration (earn-outs, rental guarantees, etc.) and are 
structured as asset deals or share deals (depending on tax considerations). In addition to the 
risk of error, a fraud risk is identified in relation to the use of agents and/or business partners 
related to real estate transactions and related potential conflicts of interest.  
We selected the acquisitions of Polderplein and Roselaar and the disposal of The Box to be in 
scope for both the risk of error and risk of fraud. These transactions are disclosed in note 5 to 
the financial statements. 
Given the size and complex nature of these transactions we consider the accounting for these 
real estate transactions to be a key audit matter.  
Our response  
With the involvement of the KPMG component auditors in Netherlands and Belgium, we 
performed audit procedures in respect of the real estate transactions to ensure these 
transactions are accurately accounted for. These procedures included obtaining an 
understanding of the transaction agreement, related cash movements and testing of the 
accounting entries to record the disposal.  
In respect of the fraud risk related to real estate transactions, local auditors obtained an 
understanding of management’s anti-fraud controls (for example, counterparty due diligence, 
four-eyes principle). Further we performed procedures, such as the evaluation of fees and 
commissions paid, to verify whether there was any indication of a conflict of interest.  
At group level, we also inspected minutes of Board of Management meetings in which these 
transactions are discussed to verify that the governance around the transactions is 
appropriate, and the required approvals are obtained.  
Finally, we verified whether the disclosures in Notes 5 to the financial statements in respect of 
investment property transactions are in conformity with EU-IFRS.  
Our observation  
Overall, we assess that the transactions are adequately accounted for and disclosed in the 
financial statements. Furthermore, based on our procedures of the transactions, we did not 
identify indications of possible conflict of interest. 
Report on the other information included in the annual report  
In addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, the annual report 
contains other information. 
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information: 
• is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements; and 
• contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the 
management report and other information. 
 
10 
 
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained 
through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other 
information contains material misstatements.  
By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is less 
than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements.  
The Board of Management is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including 
the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF 
Engagement 
We were engaged by the General Meeting of Shareholders as auditor of Wereldhave N.V. on 21 
April 2023 as of the audit for the year 2023 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since 
that financial year. 
No prohibited non-audit services 
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU 
Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audits of public-interest entities.  
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) 
Wereldhave N.V. has prepared its annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in 
the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the 
specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).  
In our opinion the annual report prepared in XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up 
consolidated financial statements as included in the reporting package by Wereldhave N.V., 
complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF.  
The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the annual report including the financial 
statements in accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby the Board of Directors combines the 
various components into one single reporting package.  
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual financial 
report is in accordance with the RTS on ESEF. We performed our examination in accordance 
with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N ’Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan 
de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument (assurance 
engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included 
amongst others: 
• Obtaining an understanding of the entity's financial reporting process; 
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material 
respects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance procedures 
responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our opinion, including examining whether the 
annual financial report in XHTML-format is in accordance with the RTS on ESEF;  
 
 
 
10 
 
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained 
through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other 
information contains material misstatements.  
By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is less 
than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements.  
The Board of Management is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including 
the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF 
Engagement 
We were engaged by the General Meeting of Shareholders as auditor of Wereldhave N.V. on 21 
April 2023 as of the audit for the year 2023 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since 
that financial year. 
No prohibited non-audit services 
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU 
Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audits of public-interest entities.  
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) 
Wereldhave N.V. has prepared its annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in 
the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the 
specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).  
In our opinion the annual report prepared in XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up 
consolidated financial statements as included in the reporting package by Wereldhave N.V., 
complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF.  
The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the annual report including the financial 
statements in accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby the Board of Directors combines the 
various components into one single reporting package.  
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual financial 
report is in accordance with the RTS on ESEF. We performed our examination in accordance 
with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N ’Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan 
de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument (assurance 
engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included 
amongst others: 
• Obtaining an understanding of the entity's financial reporting process; 
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material 
respects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance procedures 
responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our opinion, including examining whether the 
annual financial report in XHTML-format is in accordance with the RTS on ESEF;  
 
 
 
11 
 
• Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the 
reporting package containing the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension 
taxonomy files have been prepared in accordance with the technical specifications as 
included in the RTS on ESEF;  
• Examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting 
package to determine whether all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these 
are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF. 
Description of responsibilities regarding the financial statements 
Responsibilities of The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board for the 
financial statements 
The Board of Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial 
statements in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Furthermore, The Board of Management is responsible for such internal control as management 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In that respect The Board of Management, 
under supervision of the Supervisory Board, is responsible for the prevention and detection of 
fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations, including determining measures to resolve 
the consequences of it and to prevent recurrence.  
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, The Board of Management is responsible 
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial 
reporting frameworks mentioned, The Board of Management should prepare the financial 
statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless The Board of Management either 
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do 
so. The Board of Management should disclose events and circumstances that may cast 
significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern in the financial 
statements.  
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for our opinion.  
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we 
may not detect all material errors and fraud during our audit. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements on our 
opinion.  
  
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
172
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 174:
 
11 
 
• Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the 
reporting package containing the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension 
taxonomy files have been prepared in accordance with the technical specifications as 
included in the RTS on ESEF;  
• Examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting 
package to determine whether all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these 
are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF. 
Description of responsibilities regarding the financial statements 
Responsibilities of The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board for the 
financial statements 
The Board of Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial 
statements in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Furthermore, The Board of Management is responsible for such internal control as management 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In that respect The Board of Management, 
under supervision of the Supervisory Board, is responsible for the prevention and detection of 
fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations, including determining measures to resolve 
the consequences of it and to prevent recurrence.  
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, The Board of Management is responsible 
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial 
reporting frameworks mentioned, The Board of Management should prepare the financial 
statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless The Board of Management either 
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do 
so. The Board of Management should disclose events and circumstances that may cast 
significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern in the financial 
statements.  
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for our opinion.  
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we 
may not detect all material errors and fraud during our audit. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements on our 
opinion.  
  
 
13 
 
Appendix 
Description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional scepticism 
throughout the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and 
independence requirements. Our audit included among others: 
• identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
the risk resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control; 
• obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Wereldhave N.V.’s internal control; 
• evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by The Board of Management; 
• concluding on the appropriateness of Wereldhave N.V.’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting, and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on Wereldhave N.V.’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue as a going concern; 
• evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, 
including the disclosures; and 
• evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We are solely responsible for the opinion and therefore responsible to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the group to express an opinion on the financial statements. In this respect we are also 
responsible for directing, supervising and performing the group audit.  
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal 
control that we identify during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the 
audit committee in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements 
regarding statutory audits of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional 
report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report. 
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. 
 
12 
 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is included in 
the appendix of this auditor’s report. This description forms part of our auditor’s report. 
Amstelveen, 13 March 2024  
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
W.L.L. Paulissen RA 
 
Appendix:  
Description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements  
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
173
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 175:
 
13 
 
Appendix 
Description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional scepticism 
throughout the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and 
independence requirements. Our audit included among others: 
• identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
the risk resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control; 
• obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Wereldhave N.V.’s internal control; 
• evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by The Board of Management; 
• concluding on the appropriateness of Wereldhave N.V.’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting, and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on Wereldhave N.V.’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue as a going concern; 
• evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, 
including the disclosures; and 
• evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We are solely responsible for the opinion and therefore responsible to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the group to express an opinion on the financial statements. In this respect we are also 
responsible for directing, supervising and performing the group audit.  
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal 
control that we identify during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the 
audit committee in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements 
regarding statutory audits of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional 
report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report. 
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. 
 
14 
 
From the matters communicated with the Supervisory Board, we determine the key audit 
matters: those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating the 
matter is in the public interest. 
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
174
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional informationIntroduction Financial statements


Page 176:
APPENDIX
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
175
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements
Appendix

Page 177:
AScX Amsterdam Small Cap Index ISS Institutional Shareholder Services
BREEAM Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method KPI Key performance indicator
CDP Formerly Carbon Disclosure Project kWh Kilowatt-hour
CEO Chief Executive Officer IIRC International Integrated Reporting Council
CFO Chief Financial Officer LTV Loan-to-Value
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility MWh Megawatt-hour
EPRA European Public Real Estate Association N/A Not available
EPS Earnings per share NIY Net initial yield
ERV Estimated rental value NPS Net Promoter Score
EU European Union OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development
FSMA Financial Services & Markets Authority SBTi Science-Based Targets initiative
FTE Full-time equivalent SIIC Société d’investissement immobilier cotée
IRR Internal rate of return VBDO Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development
List of abbreviations
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
176
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction
List of abbreviations

Page 178:
Contribution to Sustainable Development Goals
Sustainable Development Goal Sustainability focus area Alignment
7. Affordable and clean energy Better footprint Reduce carbon emissions 30% by 2030 – for those areas in our centers under our operational control
Partner with tenants and visitors to reduce carbon and waste (ambition: net zero value-chain by 2050)
8. Decent work and economic growth Better living Aim for zero safety incidents in our centers
11. Sustainable cities and communities Better nature, Better living Increase m² of green areas on and around our centers with ecological value and climate resilience
1% NRI-equivalent contribution to socio-economic and social inclusion initiatives
12. Responsible consumption and production Better footprint Increase recycling and zero waste to landfill
Reduce water consumption
Partner with tenants and visitors to reduce carbon and waste (ambition: net zero value-chain by 2050)
13. Climate action Better nature Increase % of Wereldhave buildings with plans in place to mitigate physical effects of climate change (extreme heat, flooding, storms etc.)
17. Partnership for the goals All pillars Partnering with suppliers, tenants & society
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
177
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements
Contribution to Sustainable Development Goals

Page 179:
Workforce
Workforce - employment (GRI 102-7; 102-8)
(in FTE) Total Belgium Netherlands
2023 Number of FTE 117.2 57.0 60.2
2022 Number of FTE 117.9 57.5 60.4
2023 Part-time employees 24.2% 18.3% 29.7%
2022 Part-time employees 21.0% 15.0% 26.6%
2023 Full-time employees 75.8% 81.7% 70.3%
2022 Full-time employees 79.0% 85.0% 73.4%
2023 Employees with fixed contract 10.5% 3.3% 17.2%
2022 Employees with fixed contract 14.5% 5.0% 23.4%
2023 Employees with permanent contract 89.5% 96.7% 82.8%
2022 Employees with permanent contract 85.5% 95.0% 76.6%
Workforce - employment (GRI 405-1, EPRA Diversity-Emp)
2023 2022
(number)
% of total 
 employees Male Female
% of total 
 employees Male Female
Age group < 30 12.9% 37.5% 62.5% 12.1% 10.2% 13.9%
Age group 30-40 37.1% 50.0% 50.0% 33.9% 32.2% 35.4%
Age group 40-50 30.6% 39.5% 60.5% 33.1% 32.2% 35.4%
Age group > 50 19.4% 50.0% 50.0% 21.0% 25.4% 17.0%
Total numbers of employees 124 45.2% 54.8% 124 47.6% 52.4%
Employees in senior management n/a n/a 71.4% 28.6%
Employees in management team 60.0% 40.0% 80.0% 20.0%
Non-executive board 67% 33% 67% 33%
Social indicators
Employee turnover
Total number and rates of new employee hires and employee turnover by age group,
gender and region (GRI 401-1, EPRA Emp-Turnover)
2023 2022
(number) New hires Departures New hires Departures
Male 16 19 11 14
Female 14 11 17 21
Age group < 30 12 8 9 6
Age group 30-40 10 6 8 9
Age group 40-50 4 8 7 15
Age group > 50 4 8 4 5
Total 30 30 28 35
Reasons for departure
(number) 2023 2022
Resignations 12 22
Dismissals 3 2
Mutual agreements 10 7
Retirements 0 2
Departure during probation period 3 0
Expiry contracts 2 2
Deaths 0 0
Totals 30 35
Employee turnover 24% 28%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
178
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction
Social indicators

Page 180:
New employee hires
New employees hired by gender 2023 2022
Male employees 53.3% 39.3%
Female employees 46.7% 60.7%
New employees hired by age group 2023 2022
Age group < 30 40.0% 32.1%
Age group 30-40 33.3% 28.6%
Age group 40-50 13.3% 25.0%
Age group > 50 13.3% 14.3%
Sickness ratio
Sickness ratio and total number of work-related fatalities
Units Total Belgium Netherlands
2023 Absentee rate % 4.06 5.68 1.42
2022 Absentee rate % 5.3 7.2 4.0
2023 Injury rate % 0.0 0.0 0.0
2022 Injury rate % 0.017 0.017 0.0
2023 Work-related fatalities Number 0.0 0.0 0.0
2022 Work-related fatalities Number 0 0 0
Training & development
Average hours of training per employee, by gender
Units Total Belgium Netherlands
2023 training hours total Number 3,144 1,560 1,584
2023 training hours per employee Number 35 30 43
2023 training costs total in Euro 201,619 80,478 121,141
2023 training costs per employee in Euro 2,265 1,548 3,274
2022 training hours total Number 1,568 540 1,028
2022 training hours per employee Number 16 25 14
2022 training costs total in Euro 228,279 36,793 191,486
2022 training costs per employee in Euro 2,378 1,672 2,588
2023 2022
Units Male Female Male Female
Educational training % 0.8% 1.6% 0.3% 0.0%
Skills & development training % 60.2% 35.2% 50.9% 44.3%
Wereldhave training % 0.5% 0.3% 2.7% 1.7%
Training works council % 1.0% 0.5% 0.0% 0.0%
Training hours per employee Number of hours 23.0 52.0 16.0 17.0
Number of training hours split per category (GRI 404-2)
(number of hours) 2023 2022
Educational training 74 5
Skills & development training 2,998 1,493
Wereldhave training 24 70
Training works council 48 0
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
179
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements


Page 181:
Employee category
Breakdown of employees by employee category (GRI 102-8)
(Number) 2023 2022
Executive Team 3
Management Team 3 5
Senior Management n/a 7
Staff & Operations 118 112
Total internal staff 124 124
Non-executives 3 3
Total 127 127
Remuneration
Ratio of Base Salary and remuneration of women to men by employee category
(GRI 405-2, EPRA Diversity-pay)
2023 2022
Total Male
Female 
 diversity% Total male
Female 
 diversity%
Executive team n/a n/a n/a n/a
Management team 76.3% 34.4%
Senior management n/a n/a 106.6%
Operations and staff 62.9% 64.1%
Annual increase in base salary 
excluding individual STI 13.0% 13.0% 13.1% 5.6% 6.1% 4.6%
Employee satisfaction
Employee satisfaction by aspect measured (GRI 102-43)
(Number) 2023 2022
E-NPS score -10 +4
Rating employer 7.0 7.6
Response rate 78.0% 89.0%
Incidents of discrimination
Total numbers of incidents of discrimination and corrective actions (GRI 406-1)
(Number) 2023 2022
Number of incidents of discrimination reported 0 0
Employee performance appraisals
2023 2022
Percentage of employees with an appraisal 100% 100%
Community engagement
Social performance indicators retail portfolio 2023 2022
Local engagement program in place (% of assets) 100% 100%
Local community investments - absolute (€) 2,169,042 2,121,521
Local community investments - relative to NRI (% of NRI) 1.7% 1.8%
Health and safety assessments
2023 2022
Health & Safety - assessment undertaken (in %) 82% 76%
Health & Safety - incidents of non-compliance occurred 0 0
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
180
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction
Environmental indicators

Page 182:
Environmental indicators
Environmental performance indicators - Retail
EPRA, GRI 302-1, 302-2, 303-1, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 306-2
Absolute portfolio Like-for-like portfolio
Belgium France Netherlands Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 20 22
Energy (MWh)
Electricity shared services 19,327 22,842 6,505 7,780 2,246 2,684 8,721 10,074 17,472 20,538
Electricity submetered to tenants 3,353 2,227 25 23 3,328 2,204 0 0 3,353 2,227
Total landlord obtained electricity 22,680 25,071 6,530 7,803 5,574 4,888 8,721 10,074 20,825 22,765
Proportion of electricity from renewable sources (market-based) 98% 98% 100% 100% 8% 8% 100% 100% 98% 98%
District heating and cooling shared services 2,159 2,247 0 0 0 0  1,745  2,241 1745  2,241
District heating and cooling submetered to tenants 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total landlord obtained district heating 2,159 2,247 0 0 0 0 1,745 2,241 1,745 2,241
Proportion heating and cooling from renewable sources 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Fuels shared services 6,329 8,418 2,643 2,975 217 246 2,630 2,965 5,490 6,186
Fuels submetered to tenants 463 413  463 413 0 0 0 0 463 413
Total landlord obtained fuels 6,792 8,831 3,106 3,578 217 246 2,630 2,965 5,953 6,789
Proportion of fuels from renewable sources 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Total energy from shared services 27,815 33,349 9,148 10,755 2,463 2,930 13,096 15,280 24,707 28,965
Total energy submetered to tenants 3,816 2,640 488 436 3,328 2,204 0 0 3,816 2,640
Total landlord obtained energy 31,631 36,149 9,636 11,381 5,791 5,134 13,096 15,280 28,523 31,795
Total renewable energy produced on-site 4,086 4,527 2,286 2,664 0 0 1,583 1,831 3,869 4,495
Greenhouse gas emissions from energy (tCO2e)
Total direct GHG emissions Scope 1 (market-based) 1,154 1,607 489 653 40 45 480 537 1,009 1,235
Total direct GHG emissions Scope 1 (location-based) 1,154 1,613 489 655 40 45 480 537 1,009 1,237
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 2 (market-based) 212104 269 0 0 104 124 91 132 195 256
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 2 (location-based) 4,286 5,594 760 893 104 124 2,529 3,494 3,393 4,511
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 3 (market-based) 241 180 84 75 153 102 0 0 237 177
Total GHG emissions - landlord obtained/submetered (market-based) 1,607 2,056 573 728 297 271 571 669 1,441 1,668
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
181
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements
Environmental indicators

Page 183:
Absolute portfolio Like-for-like portfolio
Belgium France Netherlands Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Water (m3)
Water from municipal water supplies or other public 144,710 130,733 63,941 60,531 21,187 21,877 45,123 37,251 130,251 119,659
Water from rainwater collected directly and stored 3,696 3,385 3,696 3,385 0 0 0 0 3,696 3,385
Water from groundwater / surface water 8,516 949 8,516 949 0 0 0 0 8,516 949
Total landlord obtained water consumption 156,922 135,067 76,153 64,865 21,187 21,877 45,123 37,251 142,463 123,993
Water submetered to tenants 44,395 37,981 44,395 37,981 0 0 0 0 44,395 37,981
Waste (metric tonnes)
Hazardous waste 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Non-hazardous waste 2,926 3,192 1,564 1,375 221 311 983 1,307 2,768 2,993
Total weight of waste by disposal route (metric tonnes)
Recycling 976 990 517 523 169 8762 239 340 925 950
Composting 44 0 41 14 3 0 0 0 44 14
Energy from Waste 1,540 1,117 685 646 0 0 744 771 1,429 1,417
Incineration without energy recovery - 606 0 0 0- 12791 0- 196 0- 323
Landfill 68 151 65 55 3 9669 0 0 68 151
other 256 327 256 138 0 0 0 0 256 138
Proportion of waste by disposal route (%)
Recycling 34% 31% 33% 38% 97% 28% 24% 26% 34% 37%
Composting 2% 0% 3% 1% 2% 0% 0% 0% 2% 1%
Energy from Waste 53% 35% 44% 47% 0% 0% 76% 59% 52% 55%
Incineration without energy recovery 0% 19% 0% 0% 0% 41% 0% 15% 0% 13%
Landfill 2% 5% 4% 4% 2% 31% 0% 0% 2% 6%
Other 9% 10% 16% 10% 0% 0% 0% 0% 9% 5%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
182
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction


Page 184:
Environmental intensity indicators - Retail
EPRA Sustainability performance measures (GRI 302-1, 302-2, 303-1, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 306-2)
Absolute portfolio Like for like portfolio
Belgium France Netherlands Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Building energy intensity kWh/m2/year 37.11 45.51 35.78 42.43 95.06 84.27 37.74 45.63 42.11 47.89
kWh/visitor/year 0.36 0.40 0.49 0.62 0.50 0.47 0.28 0.34 0.37 0.42
Greenhouse gas intensity from building energy kgCO2e/m2/year 1.76 2.67 2.13 2.71 4.88 4.45 1.38 2.00 1.99 2.51
kgCO2e/visitor/year 0.02 0.02 0.03 0.04 0.03 0.02 0.01 0.01 0.02 0.02
Building water intensity m3/m2/year 0.18 0.18 0.28 0.23 0.00 0.36 0.13 0.11 0.18 0.18
liter/visitor/year 1.81 1.55 3.87 3.28 0.00 1.99 0.98 0.82 1.57 1.60
Environmental performance indicators - Office
Absolute portfolio Like for like portfolio
Belgium Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Energy (MWh)
Electricity shared services 4,530  5,414  4,530  5,414  4,530  5,414
Electricity submetered to tenants 1,214 1,082 1,214 1,082 1,214 1,082
Total landlord obtained electricity 5,744 6,496 5,744 6,496 5,744 6,496
Proportion of electricity from renewable sources 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
District heating and cooling shared services - - - - - -
District heating and cooling submetered to tenants - - - - - -
Total landlord obtained district heating - - - - - -
Proportion heating and cooling from renewable sources - - - - - -
Fuels shared services 2,834 3,595 2,834 3,595 2,834 3,595
Fuels submetered to tenants 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total landlord obtained fuels 2,834 3,595 2,834 3,595 2,834 3,595
Proportion of fuels from renewable sources 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Total energy from shared services 7,364 9,009 7,364 9,009 7,364  9,009
Total energy submetered to tenants 1,214 1,082 1,214  1,082 1,214 1,082
Total landlord obtained energy 8,578 10,091 8,578 10,091 8,578 10,091
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
183
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements


Page 185:
Absolute portfolio Like for like portfolio
Belgium Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2e)
Total direct GHG emissions Scope 1 (market-based) 517 656 517 656 517 656
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 2 (market-based) 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 2 (location-based) 831 935 831 935 831 935
Total indirect GHG emissions Scope 3 (market-based) 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total GHG emissions (market-based) 517 656 517 656 517 656
Water (m3)
Water from public water supplies - shared services 14,459 12,810 14,459 12,810 14,459 12,810
Water from public water supplies - submetered - - - - - -
Water from rainwater collected directly and stored - - - - - -
Water from groundwater / surface water - - - - - -
Total landlord obtained water consumption 14,459 12,810 14,459 12,810 14,459 12,810
Waste (metric tonnes)
Hazardous waste - - - - - -
Non-hazardous waste 126 119 126 119 126 119
Total weight of waste by disposal route (metric tonnes)
Recycling 38 54 38 54 38 54
Composting - - - - - -
Energy from Waste 68 50 68 50 68 50
Incineration without energy recovery - - - - - -
Landfill - - - - - -
Other 20 15 20 15 20 15
Proportion of waste by disposal route (%)
Recycling 30% 45% 30% 45% 30% 45%
Composting 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Energy from Waste 54% 42% 54% 42% 54% 42%
Incineration without energy recovery 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Landfill 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Other 16% 13% 16% 13% 16% 13%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
184
Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statementsIntroduction


Page 186:
Environmental intensity indicators - Office
Absolute portfolio Like for like portfolio
Belgium Total
Impact areas 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Building energy intensity CRESSCRE1 kWh/m2/year 89 115 89 115 89 115
Greenhouse gas intensity from building energy CRESSCRE3 kgCO2e/m2/year 5.3 6.9 5.3 6.9 5.3 6.9
Building water intensity CRESSCRE2 m3/m2/year 0.15 0.12 0.15 0.12 0.15 0.12
BREEAM certificates
Total Netherlands Belgium France
2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
BREEAM certifications in place % of retail center GLA
Outstanding 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Excellent 8% 9% 10% 0% 0% 0% 100% 100%
Very Good 74% 76% 58% 62% 73% 84% 0% 0%
Good/Pass 9% 6% 10% 9% 6% 3% 0% 0%
Percentage of GLA which is BREEAM rated 83% 76% 78% 71% 79% 87% 100% 100%
Percentage of eligible centers GLA which is BREEAM rated 91% 86% 83% 83% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Energy Performance Certificates (EU EPC)
2023
EU EPC labels in place % of total GLA
A 17%
B 0%
C 12%
D 3%
E 4%
No label 64%
100%
Annual Report 2023
Wereldhave N.V.
185
Introduction Wereldhave in 2023 Our strategy Our performance and outlook Governance Additional information Financial statements


Page 187:
Integrated Annual Report 2023Wereldhave N.V.
WERELDHAVE N.V.
Nieuwe Passeerdersstraat 1
1016 XP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
P.O. Box 14745, 1001 LE Amsterdam
T: +31 20 702 78 00
www.wereldhave.com

